What did you think about last years NFL games?
Have you heard of Alexander Scriabin?
What do you think of the Rocky movies?
I really like the Disney Pixar movies. Do you have a favorite?
I love the Fast and Furious original.
Have you ever seen Big Trouble in little China?
Which Disney princess movie came first?
Do you know who Halsey is?
I think I'm going to watch a few games in the superdome this season
One of my favorite bands is the Beatles. Do you like them?
What is your favorite action movie?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's music?
I dont think I can stand another summer of pop hits.
Have you been following the news about the intelligence investigation into Trump's contacts with Russia?
I love Lady Gg's music, don't you?
Do you own any Caribbean music?
What do you think about all these NFL players who have been getting neurological disabilities after their careers.
Did you hear about Ngoepe ?
I am in the mood to watch something!
Have you heard that they are making a new movie about Han Solo when he was younger?
What is your favorite batman film?
Hey, what do you think about music?
Is the game on at your house this weekend?
What is your favorite kind of rock music?
Did you ever see the Sixth Sense?
Hello man
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
What was your favorite movie?
So...Batman movies, what do you think?
What is your favorite movie music?
Do you like Go Radio?
Who do you think the best quarterback in the NFL is?
Did you see The Hitcher?
Do you like music?
what type of music do you like
I'm bored, what do you want to do today?
Do you like anything new from pop music?
Which Lady gaga music video showed HER KISSING her Dog?
I don't think much of today's NFL players. They don't really have the skills and passions of the older guys.
Do you like the women's music groups from around the 80's?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you like horror movies?
What do you think about the new fan theories about Rey from Force Awakens.
I am looking for a song by Glass Pear, the one they used in vampire diaries I think?
Do you like Cars?
Hey NFL Training Camp starts in a few weeks!
Have you seen Chamber of Secrets?
My favorite band of all time is The Beatles.
Do you listen to Lady Gaga?
What's your favorite movie?
Did you see the new quarterback the Bears drafted?
You know what totally trips me out?
Do you like Clint Eastwood movies?
what is the best rap album of all time
Did you see Tokyo Drift.
What about the 70's animated Tolkien film?
Have you seen Sing Street yet?
So did you know when Metric is coming out with a new album?
Who is the most evil person in Star Wars?
Have you seen It Follows?
Good morning.
Do you have a favorite NFL team?
Are you ready to watch Von Miller.
I just watched the movie Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2. Have you seen that movie?
Do you like the Beatles last album,Abbey road?
Why were you and the kids laughing so much in the car?
Have you seen any movies this year that pass the Bechdel test?
Do you enjoy opera music?
Have you seen the new movie, Gifted?
Do you want to talk about music?
What do you think about lil wayne?
What did you think of the new Fast & the Furious movie?
I tend to think of Die Hard as a Christmas movie, but I think it's also a great thriller.
I love cartoon movies.
Did you ever get into The Smashing Pumpkins?
Do you like fashion?
How do you feel about some of the  obscure rules governing the NFL?
What is your favorite rock band?
Have you ever heard of Billy Joel?
So did you see the new Wonder Woman movie yet?
I have loved lady Gaga ever since she first came out
Did you see that they're making a new Mulan movie?
Are you ready for some football?
Are you planning on getting Mumford & Son's new album?
I watched A New Hope the other day.
I really want to see The Babadook.
How about those Astros?
Inside Out was such a great animation film.
Did you know less people are watching the NFL?
what jpop do you like to listen to?
So what do you think is the bigger franchise, Star Wars, or Lord of the Rings?
Do you musical movies?
Hey, are you ready for the big game tomorrow?
Do you like scary moves? My all time favorite scary movie has to be the original "Amityville Horror".
What's your favorite Thriller movie of all time?
Are you a Drake fan?
Have you noticed all the colorful leggings at the lake?
What is your favorite thirller movie?
Do you like older rock?
What is the last movie you went to see?
Have you heard of Shane Owens?
Do you like rock music at all?
What is your favorite movie ever?
So what do you think is the best new song out there right now?
Okay, I've seen It's a Wonderful Life. What are some other good Christmas movies?
What do you think of underground music?
Alright, greatest rapper of 2017, go!
Did you see the new movie about the rap game?
What do you think about Return of the Jedi?
Did you catch the Phillies game yesterday?
The purge is so creepy
What's your all time favorite Disney movie?
Who are your favorite wide receivers in the NFL?
What is the first Beatles song you remember?
Who is your favorite Star Wars hero from those movies?
So what did you think of Frozen?
You ready for some football next month!?
What band was known as the fab 4?
Have you heard Colton Dixon's new song?
Is Sarah Michelle Gellar in Buffy the movie?
Did you hear the new Katy Perry song?
Tonight is movie night at my house.  Any suggestions?
I saw Panic Room the other day.
Have you heard about It Comes At Night?
Do you like Phil Collins?
Hey did marshawn lynch retire again
Hi Ho Hi Ho , Its Off To Work We Go!!
Who is better, Rey or Finn?
Have you heard any of Carly Pearce's songs?
Hey.
Do you think listening to music while doing something else makes you more productive?
I think the Lion King has the best music of all the Disney movies.
Luke or Vader.
How long have you been a fan of Lady Gaga's music?
Hey, have you heard of nu metal?
HAVE YOU SEEN THE LION KING
Hey, have you watched the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
You know what I don't understand about Lady Gaga?
What's your favorite NFL team?
Have you ever seen some of the older Disney movies?
what do you think the worst star war movie his
Have you listened to much of Michael Jackson's music?
what film do you think has a great dance number?
I just re-watched Bat Man last night.
You know what I think?
What are some B grade movies that you like?
That Jodi Foster movie in the room really threw me for a loop.
Are you going to the Fences show next week?
One of the most silly topics of the Star Wars films is, who shot first: Han or Greedo.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What do you think is the worst team in the NFL?
Have you heard of the song 'Coco Jambo' by Mr. President?
I've been listening to a lot of Bruce Springsteen lately.
So, did you see Wonder Woman yet?
Do you like any of the artists that have made it big because of music talent shows?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Do you know anything about mumblecore movies?
Have you ever seen a Roman Polanski movie?
I finally watched The Lion King with my kids.
There is a new Pirates of the Caribbean Movie coming out.
Have you seen the new horror movie Get Out?
I have been hearing them all over the radio lately
Do you know of the band called Blink 182?
Bon Scott or Brian Johnson, who's your guy?
Do you think Kershaw is gonna win the Cy Young again?
Are you a Bruno Mars fan?
How many times have you seen Frozen?
Do you like rock music?
Hey, do you like the NFL?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Do you consider The Sixth Sense to be a thriller or horror? I see it listed as both.
So now that I'm a little heavier, where should I shop for fashion?
What do you think of the Giants' chances this year in the NFC?
Are you a fan of the genre thriller movies?
Do you like wearing dresses in the summer time?
My kid wants to do his term paper on the NFL but with a twist.
Do you remember Counting Crows?
Did you hear about the old Los Angeles Coach?
Are you familiar with Hammerfall?
Did you see the new live action Beauty and the Beast?
Do you think Todd Gurley will be able to bounce back after last year's disappointing season?
Were you a big fan of the Lion King?
what's that new cheating stuff they talking about in the n f l?
Are you more of a Friday the 13th or Nightmare on Elm Street fan?
I finally watched "A hard day's night" the other day.
What do you think of Pride and Prejudice, and Zombies.
Hey, what's your opinion on Kendrick Lamar?
Hey, did you watch the latest Jason Bourne movie.
Let me ask you a question what's your favorite Disney cartoon?
Have you seen Pineapple Express yet?
Why do you think Nickelback is so hated?
Do you like Eminem?
I was thinking today about first round busts in the NFL.
Do you have a favorite character in the Star Wars movie series?
who do you think is the greatest rapper of all time?
What's your favorite Woody Allen film?
Which is the best Back to the Future?
What is the name of the planet Luke lives on?
I didn't think that Rogue One was a great movie.
Is the NFC East back?
What genre of music does the singer Selena Gomez belong?
What do you know about Lady Gaga?
How do you feel about Justin Bieber?
Do you like the Harry Potter movies?
How many albums have lada gaga published to date?
What do you think of Beatles album cover Abbey Road?
What is your favorite Harry Potter Movie?
The NFL is getting close to kicking off another season!
You know all this talk about pro basketball makes me wonder.
Have you ever heard of Out of the Grey?
Did you see the Wizards game last night?
Have you seen "Titanic"?
I haven´t seen movies in a long time. Which one would you recommend?
Am I the only one that gets sort of angry at the Fast & Furious characters?
What is your favorite thing to do while listening to music?
You ever think it's weird that so many Disney channel stars can sing?
Hey, will you be watching and NFL games this season?
What do you think of the Lumineers?
Do you have a favorite metal musician?
Are you into the "Fast and Furious" movies?
My favorite movie is the fast and the furious 6
Have you seen the latest Adam Sandler movie, Sandy Wexler?
What music do you want to listen to?
EJ just got picked by the Bills.
Did you see the Voice last night?
Sleepless in Seattle was always one of my favorites.
Who is your favorite female singer?
Hi.
Who's your least favorite Potter character.
You know who the best band ever is?
Have you noticed that these "superhero" stories are really just old stories being re-told?
Ok then how much money do the D league players make?
Did you listen to the ocarina cover of the Steven Universe theme I sent you?
What's your favorite comedy movie?
So, how many wins will the Jets have?
Are you a David Bowie fan?
Didn't Lady Gaga used to write songs for other artists?
How did you feel when at the end of the one movie happened
This is going back a ways, but the Beach Boys really were a good band.
Hey, do you like 80s music?
How are your Redskins looking for next season?
Did you know the Lion King came out the year I was born in 1994?
Did you see the Weiner documentary?
Did you like the movie"Revenge of the Sith", when Darth Vader fought Yoda?
Man Have you seen that western movie with the famous actor
Hey, there I was thinking about going and seeing a movie. Would you like to go?
Hello
Do you like the original Star Wars trilogy best or the newer films?
Hey whats up?
Justin Beiber is very popular right now I was wondering why is that?
Do you get the meaning of the balloons in the movie Up?
Did you ever listen to Lil Kim?
Do you want to go out to a movie? Wonder Woman looks good.
Hey have you watched Beauty and the Beast yet?
Blue Oyster Cult came through last year.
Are you into rap?
Do you like anime music?
I know my kids watched the movies a lot so I wonn't forget.
I'm so disappointed in Donovan Metts.
Have you ever seen Schindler's List?
Hey have you seen any good movies lately?
Who is the biggest fake rap artist of all time?
Do you listen to k-pop?
Yo
You know what movie I never saw, Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Watch anything fun recently?
Do you remember how old your were when Toy Story came out?
What is your favorite super hero
do you know when the preseason games start?
Did you see the Cavs game?
Who is your favorite comedy actor or actress?
Have you seen the Star Wars prequels?
Hey
Hey cousin did you have a great time at the skating ring tonight? as they kept playing repeats of Lady Gaga's hit song Poker Face. over and over and over.
What superhero movie is your favorite?
My Bengals were trash last year.
have you heard of the band Asain Kung-Fu  Generation?
Do you enjoy older comedy movies?
Did you see the Rockets get completely destroyed by the Spurs?
Did you like any of the prequels?
Hey have you seen Hidden Figures yet?
What's the difference between rap and hip-hop? I so often confuse the two.
So have you heard Mandisa's new hit?
Yea, it should be a great season.
Who is your favorite actor?
Are you going to the Third Eye Blind concert next weekend?
Are you exited to see the new Kingsman movie?
Hey, I am looking for some good romantic comedies to watch. Do you happen to know of any?
My granddaughter has a great voice and loves to sing.
I just discovered a new band that doesn't use any guitar, but they still rock! They're called Royal Blood.
How do you feel about Something Corporate?
Do you think its possible for Jay Z to make a bad song?
Who is your favorite Disney Princess?
what is your favorite kind of music?
So what do you think of the new character Rey?
Sir, I am a huge Vikings fan.
In the 2016 American fantasy adventure film, "The Jungle Book", what is the name of the orphaned human boy?
Do you think AJ Cole can hold down the 5th rotation slot for the Nats?
Hi how are you doing?
Do you like Star Wars?
Are you a season ticket holder for any NFL teams?
Did you catch the Cowboy's game on TV yesterday
What do you think about Disney's evil movie characters?
Yesterday I sat down and watched Harry Potter and the sorcerer's stone.
Do you want to come watch The Dark Knight?
Wasn't she wearing her meat outfit in video for Poker Face?
I really love the soundtrack to Lilo & Stitch.
Have you ever seen the Land Before Time?
Have you seen the force awakens
I really want to watch Wall-E again.
What is your favorite Radiohead album?
Did you see any good movies lately?
Did you hear Nicki Minaj’s new song featuring Drake and Lil Wayne?
How great is The Exorcist?
Do you like documentary movies?
Who is your favorite actor or actress?
The greatest rock band of all time is Rush.
Who is your favorite classic rock band?
What Disney movies have female lead characters?
Are there any silent films from Disney?
A good comedy would be great right now.
So what do you like to do for fun?
What is your favorite church music?
Have you seen Moana?
Did you see the championship game between Gonzaga and North Carolina?
What do you think is the funniest movie you've ever seen?
I always like to think that Grace Slick made Jefferson Airplane, but they actually had a lot of their sound before she got with them.
whats your favorite movie genre?
What do you think of 80s music?
Did you see the movie Why Him?
have you seen saw?
I saw a replay of the first Superbowl last night.
It's hard to believe that Star Wars is a 40-year-old franchise.
Do you know if there are any more Tinkerbell movies coming out?
Who is your favorite pop artist?
DId you watch the movie "Unbreakable"?
Lady gaga is one of my favorite people to work out to. I love the beat in some of her songs.
What did you think of the live-action Beauty and the Beast movie?
What do you think of Lil' Wayne?
What's one of your favorite Disney movies?
Dez Bryant is going to tear the league up this year.
Do you like monster movies?
What are your thoughts on Obi-Wan Kenobi in the prequels?
How good are the Seattle Seahawks?
I saw The Magnificent Seven last night on DVD.
Going to see your Packers during the season?
Hey! Have you ever seen 'Finding Dory'?
Did you see the World Series last year?
Why don't they make a movie about black widow?
What do you think about Taylor Swift?
Wow! The Cavs are doing really good.
Hey, have you heard the Japanese version of that song from Frozen?
Who is your favorite Harry Potter character?
Did you catch that game last night between the San Antonio Spurs and the Golden State Warriors?
The King and I, ever seen it?
Do you like Rob Reiner Films?
My nephews are in town this weekend, and I was thinking of taking them to see a movie.
Do you like the movie Happy Gilmore?
So what do you think about video game movies?
What is your favorite Francis Ford Coppola movie?
remember the Breakfast Club?
What kinds of movies have you seen in theaters lately?
I miss the old days of pop music.
What do you think of the Wolverine?
Morning.
Frozen is a great Disney movie, but I actually thought Tangled was better.
Which two teams selected players ahead of Michael Jordan?
Are you hoping to see some quality football this year?
Have you seen 'Frozen'?
tangled was totally underrated
The Rockies are playing well this season.
What happened to DMX?
Would you say the little mermaid was a comedy?
My boss use to have Season Tickets to the Bucs.
Hey, what do you think of all of the Star Wars movies?
Who'd win in a fight, Leia or Rey?
Do you like Marvel movies?
What did you think of The Phantom Menace?
Do you want to go to the movies with me on Friday night?
What is your favorite disney movie?
So did you see the latest Katy Perry video?
Unlucky.
Who do you think will end up in the finals
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Do you like any music by Bruno Mars?
What are you looking forward to most about this NFL year?
What is your favorite Michael Jackson song?
Do you have a favorite Blues/Rock cross-over musician?
Hey have you seen that movie "Ted"?
Have you been following the Celtics and Wizards series?
What are your opinions on The Weeknd?
What's your least favorite DC movie?
I have some questions for you girl it's all about music i heard this new song by Taylor Swift it's Pop music the song is shake it off. You like Pop music don't you?
Have you ever listened to music by OMAM?
Did you know the entire Harry Potter cast was British?
Do you think the Beatles are the greatest band of all time.
Do you like Pixar movies?
I'm falling in love with this new Mika album.
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Hulu has Little Shop of Horrors!
Hey what do you think about the Fast and the Furious movies? Do you like them?
I'm a huge fan of Bladerunner. Can't believe the sequel's coming out, thirty years later.
Hey! Did you hear Megadeth was in town last night?
I am a big Bruno Mars fan.
So, are you still a really big NFL fan?
Do you like Devo?
Have you seen Unbreakable?
Do you want to go to the movies with me?
Do you like Brian in the Fast and Furious movies?
Why did the Knicks give Carmelo that no trade clause?
How can you watch this stuff? It's so boring.
What songs do you like that are pop?
The independent pop scene is getting pretty good.
Do you think the Green Bay Packers will be able to bounce back this season?
My daughter is a Demi Lovato fan.
Who is your favorite rock band of all time?
Have you seen any Harry Potter movies?
I'm so excited about the Stanley Cup playoffs!
You know who is super talented?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Can you believe Tom Brady?
My Chemical Romance had some pretty good songs back in the day.
Did you see the most recent Star Wars Movie?
What's your favorite musical comedy movie?
Are you going to see the latest Transformers movie?
So which Star Wars movie is your favorite?
Who would you call the original MC
What type of music do you enjoy the most?
Do you think Tom Brady was legitimately guilty in the deflation scandal?
I really hope The Gaslight Anthem get back together, I need to see them live again.
So I hear Dumbledore is gay?
Yo
Who is your favorite NFL player?
I love the Beatles, how about you? They are one of my favorite bands.
Hey, I'm really in to Migos just as you suggested.
What's your favorite Star Wars movie?
What do you think about Akikan killing all of the young Jedis?
Have you heard POUND THE ALARM by Nicki Minaj?
So I finally saw Milan today.
what do you think of five finger death punch
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE BAND DISTRUBED?
What was the best movie of 1994?
What's your favorite genre of music?
I wish music did not suck today
I loved the movie Fargo. Have you seen it?
So, how do you feel about funk music?
"Guardians of the Galaxy" is my happy movie.
What is your favorite sport?
I am not really fond of rap music.
good morning.
Why do you think the movie Child's Play started out as serious horror and then became a horror comedy?
Man i think that one king kong movie is awful
Have you ever seen Tropic Thunder?
Paranormal Activity was pretty good
Do you ever listen to classical?
Why did they decide to change the fighting style in the prequels?
So music has indeed a lot of power over our thoughts and feelings
What was your favorite Batman movie?
What a fan of the Los Angeles Rams I am!
Did you see they are making a new Pete's Dragon?
Do you know when Arcade Fire's new album comes out?
I still remember the height of pop music
Does the NBA want to change the draft lottery process?
Did you ever see the original Hulk directed by Ang Lee?
Did you see the Spurs Rockets game tonight?
The best comedy of all time is Christmas Vacation. Don't you think?
Which Star Wars alien do you like best?
So if I'm looking to get into ambient music, what would you recommend?
Who is your favorite X-man?
Hey, have you heard Chance the Rapper's new song with DJ Khaled?
I see you're wearing an Arizona Cardinals shirt.  You ready for the season?
I grew up with some great music.
Did you like the cast for beauty and the beast movie?
Did you see game 4 between the Cavs and Raptors?
Okay, who is your favorite Country music star?
What movies were never made that you wish were made?
What's your favorite movie?
Did you hear the diss song about Nicki Minaj ?
Hi, so do you like listening to music?
Who directed Beetlejuice?
What is the best romance movie you have ever seen?
so what do you think about hip hop music?
David Bowie was one of the greatest songwriters ever.
What is the name of that Disney movie with the Elephant?
Do you like music?
Have you seen the last Mummy movie yet?
Have you heard of the band Blue October?
Hello.
Hey! I haven't seen you in a while!
Falco was weird. It was so 80s though. It's the quintessential Europop from the 80s
I wonder why they have never made a collection
Have you heard about the new Han Solo movie that's being made?
So what's been in your music player lately?
What kind of music do you listen to?
I never really liked Disney movies as a kid.
DId you see any Charles Bronson Movies?
Do you like rap?
I love cats. What movies should I watch?
Are you ready for some football?
Did you get to see Manchester By the Sea?
Do you remember any of Pink Floyds music?
What's your favorite genre of movie?
Hi.
I love the movie Psycho with the Norman Bates character. Have you seen it?
Hey, did you go to DC101's Kerfuffle?
Have you seen Why Him?
What do you see the Lakers doing to get George?
Do you know who Imagine Dragons are?
What was your favorite thing about The Empire Strikes Back?
What did you think of Wonder Woman?
Hey, is that Michael Jackson you're listening to?
I feel like I've been listening to the same hip hop songs over and over for the last couple months.
Have you seen SHOW YOU OFF.
Did you hear the songs from Moana?
I just saw Sucker Punch the other day.
Have you seen Suicide Squad?
Do you think hip hop is dead?
Fyi you like spider man?
Do you like the Fast & Furious Tokyo Drift?
Are you old enough to remember the Beatles?
Did you ever see Phone Booth?
I want to see the movie, Wonder Woman.
Morning.
Do you know where many Disney stories come from?
What's your favorite type of movie?
Did you see the Disney movie Moana?
I want to see someone make a movie that continues the lord of the rings lore
What happened to the band fifth harmony?
What does your ultimate play list look like?
Did you ever see the Disney movie Up?
Are you excited about the latest Transformers movie, The Last Knight?
What was the best light saber duel?
Do you like music
So isn't it weird that the Rams are in Los Angeles now?
Yes. I enjoy it.
What type of music do you like to listen to while working out?
You think they'll remake The Little Mermaid?
Hey man!
Have you seen the movie Inside Out?
Do you think we are due for another Batman reboot?
Are you looking forward to the NFL season?
What is your favorite Beatles' song?
hey there, do you like music?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Have you watched The Wizards this year?
Hi.
Who is your favorite singer?
Have you seen Logan?
Hey do you like rap or hip-hop music? Who do you like?
Do you like movies with melissa mccarthy in them?
Whats your favorite scary movie?
Hey have you ever seen any French movies?
Whats your favorite rap song of all time
Did you see back to the future?
Do you know what movie they should've made a second one of?
Have you seen The Founder?
The superhero movies out now are so "modern" and angst ridden. What do you think of an older, classic superhero film like the 1977 Superman, and that series?
What ever happened to Rick Mirer?
My girlfriend said the weirdest thing yesterday.
You know who's music I really like?
Are you watching the game tonight?
One of my favorite Will Ferrell movies is Elf.
Do you want to watch Iron Man with me?
Did you hear the latest Bruno Mars song?
Don't you think the Men's NCAA tournament is to short?
Hi there, how's it going?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
What do you think about Cyborg?
I saw the trailer for the" Star Wars 8" movie that is coming out soon.
Have you heard of a new rock band called CRX?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XVI.
What is your favorite Steve Martin movie?
Is Samuel L. Jackson a great actor?
I don't think they'll use Mace Windu in Rebels.  It just seems like a waste.  They'll have to save him for the movies.
Are you a Star Trek fan?
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
When did you first get into hip-hop?
I am so excited for football to start!
What is your favorite genre of music?
What are some must watch comedy movies for adults?
My son likes Harrison Ford. Did you like the Indiana Jones movies?
Have you ever heard any of the Beatles music?
I really did not like Gagas last album
I am definitely a Star Wars fanatic, I've seen every movie dozens of times.
Yo you heard Kendrick Lamar new song
Did you ever see the remake of Fantasia?
how old were you when you started watching football?
I wonder if they'll bring back the Ewoks.
Can you think of a really scary horror movie to watch tonight?
Maroon 5 is such a good band.
Well, sometimes in the NFL you just have to start rebuilding.
Do you know much about the NFL mascots?
Trying to go to the park to play some basketball?
You know what's funny?
Were The Beatles from Germany?
Which is your favorite Lady Gaga Song?
what type of music do you like
Do you collect football memoribilia?
I love thriller movies. Anything that keeps you on the edge of your seat.
What's your favorite punk band?
What is your favortie genre of music?
Do you think there is a chance for Kylo Ren to turn back to the light side like Darth Vader in his final moments?
Can you tell me about the movie the crow?
Worst movie ever...go
Can you think of a sad movie to watch?
So how long do you think Brady will play for?
Hey, do you like music?
My favorite scary movie is still Night Of The Living Dead.
Did you like the movie E.T.?
I was always a Luke and Leia shipper.
Are you excited for Despicable Me 3?
Did the Mets play last night?
What do you think of Avril Lavigne?
Hello, what's your favorite team?
Who is your favorite pop singer right now?
How are you enjoying the weather today?
What do you think about Lady Gaga?
Are you a fan of the beatles?
What is your favorite action movie?
Who do you think is better: Katy Perry or Lady Gaga?
Hey, whose your favorite Jedi character.
I want to rewatch all of the Pirates of the Caribbean.
Did you like Michael Jackson?
I can't wait for football season to start! What game are you looking forward to most?
Did you see the new Dwayne Johnson movie?
Who would win if Luke fough Darth Maul.
Hey, have you been to the movies lately?
I love the Vikings to be a sleeper team this year.
Do you like alternative or grunge rock?
You know something that trips me out
I saw Fantasia at an animation festival.
So, who is your favorite NFL team and why?
Did the Beatles music have as big an impact as we think?
Did you ever watch 'Lilo & Stitch?'
The Prequels weren't that bad
Are you going to the Phillies versus Nationals game on Saturday?
I just saw Bram Stoker's Dracula.
What's your favorite Robin Hood movie?
Have you seen any movies recently?
Have you ever heard of the musical song perform by Kiss?
I know one artist who I thought was nasty.
What would you say is your all time favorite Thriller movie?
Do you know who Jack Black is?
Let me ask you, have you seen any great documentaries lately?
What is your favorite genre of music?
I saw Kaleo live the other day and they were amazing.
What's the worst movie you've ever seen?
Have you ever heard of Cody Jinks?
Have you ever heard of a film called "Vertigo"? I was thinking of watching it again and thought you might like it.
I was just listening to Sammy Hagar, do you like his music?
I think I can be a rapper. It doesn't take much talent.
Would you ever want to see a movie about what went on between Empire and Jedi?
Who is the first traded player this year?
Do you remember the movie The Stand?
What style of rock are you into?
Hey can you smell that? It's in the air Fall is almost here and Football is in the air...Can you feel it?
Luke Skywalker is the worst character in Star Wars by far.
How many of the Scream movies have you watched?
Did you hear about what Cincinnati's Joey Votto said to that kid?
What type of music do you like to listen to?
Hi.
Hey man, football season is close, are you excited?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Do you think Journey is going to keep touring?
Do you listen to any Ninja Tune artists?
Have you seen the old horror movie Burnt Offerings?
Do you want to join my fantasy football league?
Do you like heavy metal music?
Don't you miss Definitive Jux?
Have you seen the movie Lion which was released in 2017?
Have you seen the new train spotting film?
When did you first see a Star Wars film?
Did any of Yngwie Malmsteen's singers come back after they were fired?
Lets talk about music
I just heard Yuja Wang in concert.
Did you see Arrival
What kind of music do you like listening to?
What is your favorite comedy movie?
Did you ever see Mulan?
Do you like action films?
But the passer rating doesn't account for the team efforts.
Marshawn Lynch is flat out a great player. He's tough to lose.
What was your favorite song?
Remember the Lando Calirissan character from Star Wars?
What older horror movie do you still love?
So I've read about the Atlanta Braves, and they were actually good fairly recently.
I have been listening to a weird mix of music lately
My students are obsessed with the Disney movie Frozen?
When did the Steelers win their 4th Super Bowl?
remember when lady gaga wrote a song called paper gangsta?
Who is your favorite Star Wars bounty hunter?
Is the movie Split considered to be a thriller movie?
You know what I think it's funny?
I had a romantic date with Mike on Saturday.
Man i am so bored
so which one is your favorite fast and furious movie?
What superhero movies are out this summer?
Are you wearing those earrings to your brother's wedding?
Did you ever see The Talented Mr. Ripley?
Why dont more female fronted bands exist?
Do you remember when you first saw The Little Mermaid?
Do you like movies?
Have you ever listened to Jeff Rosentstock?
What was the best concert you've ever been to?
Do you want to watch Meet the Robinsons with me?
Do you like rock music?
I am going on a road trip tomorrow. Can you recommend a CD or two I should listen to while I'm driving?
Hey
How was the Fate of the Furious?
Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
I'm making my baby's clothes instead of buying them.
Would you consider Fight Club a thriller?
How long do you think we could have a conversation for with just song lyrics and have it actually make sense?
Seen anything good lately.
What's your favorite kind of music?
What was the name of that movie with Nic Cage and John Travolta?
What did you think of Star Wars: Rogue One?
did you see where the wild things are?
Hi.
Hey, I know you know a lot about Disney movies.
You know how at the end of each Super Bowl the MVP looks at the camera and says "I'm going to Disneyland," or "I'm going to Disney World?"
What is your opinion of Lady Gaga?
So do Han and Leia ever have a child?
Hello.
What do you think about Steve Smith Sr. retiring last year?
My favorite Christmas movie is Miracle on 34th Street.
Why do you think the music for Jaws is so scary?
Hi.
What happened to John Lennon?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
So, I watched "21 Jump Street" last night.
Did you see Moana, yet?
Hey, what do you think about football?
I did not know that I would like the music.  A friend told me about the group.
I love disney movies, what about you?
How was Limp Bizkit so popular?
Did you watch the Friday the 13th movies growing up?
Have you ever listened to Om?
Have you watched any good thrillers lately?
I am very happy that blink-182 is still around.
Is it ok to wear stripes with different weights?
Have you heard of any good thriller films coming out?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
Do you like the band Kyuss?
Did you like the lion king?
Have you heard Ed Sheeran's new song "Castle on the Hill?"
Have you seen any good horror flicks lately?
Hey whats you opinion on Journey?
I like older Beatles songs.
Hey, what's this song? I'm really digging it.
Hey I went to see Cars 3 last night.
Hello.
I just read something interesting about Harrison Ford and getting the part of Han Solo.
What are your thoughts about the Arizona Cardinals?
Have you seen the newer movie Ryan Reynolds did?
Do your prefer Contemporary Rock or Classic Rock?
I was looking for a  movie to watch and I remembered  Flight of the Navigator. I loved that movie1
How many remakes of Kong will be made?
Which one is a better lyricist: Andre 3000 or Big Boi?
See you Nickelback and Corey Taylor are fighting?
So what did you feel about the remake of the Nightmare on elm Street?
Sometimes I think there should be an American king of rock and roll.
What is your favorite Disney film?
What was the name of the girl in Peter Pan?
Man this is so frustrating
Have you ever seen Black Swan?
Hey do you want to go to the movies this weekend or something else?
Which artist is your favorite rapper?
I loved Happy Gilmore
Have you seen any good bands live lately?
Do you like horror movies?
What about them Bears?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Have you seen that Cars 3 is coming out??
You fan of Old School?
Have you ever looked at their discography
Did you ever see The Beatles live?
Do you watch the NFL?
Have you seem Bambi before?
You like Owen Wilson?
who's your team this year?
Hey, I saw an old rerun of the Dick Caat show on YouTube.
I was thinking the other day about the beginning of hip hop.
Do you listen to much Gramatik?
Have you seen the Power Rangers movie?
So football season is coming up. Are you excited?
Have you seen the new Logan Movie?
I love that girl's dress.
Do you think that rock music is still viable?
Have you seen The Nice Guys?
What do you think of rock music?
Do you want to go see a horror show tonight.
Have you seen the previews for the new Car's movie coming out?
I just got Brahms Symphonies.
Did you know Foo Fighters is releasing a new album??
Have you decided to go to Riot Fest this year? The lineup is ridiculously good this year.
What good movies have you seen lately?
Did you make that purse?
Have you ever seen the movie Death Wish 3?
Hey man
Give me your top three favorite bands mate in the rock genre.
What do you think of "long hair" music?
Heard any good songs lately? Seems like everything is so lame..
So, I have got into Disney movies recently.
What was your favorite scene in Episode Seven?
I love lady gaga
Do you like Andrew Luck?
How well do you remember the Mulan movie?
I went to see Micheal Bublee in vegas last week
Hey Martin, what are you doing?
I love the gender equality that the Star Wars movies promote.
Liam neeson is so fricken cool.
Well you to be honest i got my own opinions on it
What do you think about the new Marvel movies?
did you see pokemon 4
Did you ever see those boring movies created from classic books?
Do you have any favorite side antagonists in the Star Wars movies?
Do you like movies filmed in Africa?
I hated the first Star Wars.
Did you see Lady Gaga on the VMA's in 2009?
A lot of coaches in the NFL seem to have a cult of personality
Did you hear about the live action Little Mermaid movie that's coming out?
Alt-J is really really good
Have you seen Mariah Carey's Video from my the song "Touch My Body".
I need to start reviewing
So what do you think about the Little Mermaid movie?
I think i might rent a movie.
Have you been listening to any good music lately?
What is the last movie that made you jump ?
So what did you think of Kanye West season 1 fashion line ?
Hey. Have you seen any good movies lately.
Have you seen Fast & Furious 6 before?
Have you seen the newest Star Wars movie?
What was that drink in the Nicki Minaj video?
Did you see Katy Perry in Carpool Karaoke?
So, have you done anything fun in the past few months?
Have you seen the new movie Get Out?
What is your favorite type of music?
Do you like the band Nirvana?
WHAT DID YOU THINK OF THE FISH JUBILEE SINGER?
Who's an exciting player to watch?
Do you still listen to good music?
Remember when Creed was huge?
Did you watch the Dodgers game last night?
Did you see the film, The Babadook?
Who is your favorite Star Wars Character?
Did you watch the Red Sox - Yankees game last night?
Hey there.
Do you know if Princess Leia is going to be in anymore Star Wars movies?
What do you think the greatest Beatles song of all time is?
I've had something in my mind regarding the future of the NFL
I am a football fan and a bit of a historian on it.  Do you like football too?
Did you hear that Disney is adapting Jack and the Beanstalk?
Would you rate Dark Knight as the best action movie of all time?
I want to watch a Will Smith movie.
I hated my undergrad concert band director.
Do you like Western movies?
Who are your top five favorite rappers of all time?
What do you think of this years XXL freshman list?
Whitney Houston classics, of them which are your favorites?
Have you ever seen Red Letter Media?
Ever seen Anchorman?
Did you ever listen to Inspectah Decks solo stuff?
What's your favorite child's movie?
Did you see No Country For Old Men?
Seen any good movies recently?
Do you have a favorite artist on the G.O.O.D. Music imprint?
What kind of music are you in to?
Its supposed to rain tomorrow afternoon.  Do you wanna go to the movies with the kids instead of the beach?
I heard they are in talks for yet another Highlander movie.
Have you seen the sixth sense?
LOOKS LIKE THE CUBBIES WILL WIN ANOTHER WORLD SERIES THIS YEAR
Do you think Wookies ever shave?
Do you ever listen to The Beatles?
Our topic today is: If you could remake any animated Disney movie what would you suggest they take on next?
I am so ready for NFL season!
Do you have a favorite Beatles album?
What disney movie is your favorite?
Hey are you going to watch the Chiefs and the Patriots game?
Do you like metallica
Have you seen '28 Days Later'?
How about them Cubs beating the Reds?
What do you think they'll do in The Last Jedi?
Have you been listening to any rap music lately?
Do you like U2?
Have you ever seen the Professional?
Didn't you see India Arie in concert last year?
I think that Michelle Williams is an underrated actress.
Do you like red hot chili peppers?
I really like Lady Gaga's new song, do you?
I am thinking of going on a road trip.
What do you think of Madonna?
Since the NFL season was coming up, I randomly had a question come to mind.
Have you heard about the music band Arctic Monkeys?
Did you see the padres' new line up?
Have you Rough Night yet?
What do you think of kylo ren?
Did you see the new movie with Octavia Spencer?
What's the last good thriller movie you saw?
So, what other covers do you like?
Who do you think is going to win the SuperBowl next season?
Do you want to watch Zootopia again?
What do you think about heavy metal?
I think the Patriots are going to be the best team again this year!
Have you seen all Harry Potter movies?
Are you a good or bad guy in most cases?
Have you seen Ms. Sloane?
Training camp is almost here and I can't wait for the season to start!
My favorite album in the whole world is Melanie Martinez's album Cry Baby.
I think all of my favorite Disney movies have animals as the main characters.
Do you want to watch Return of the Jedi tonight?
What is the name of Lady Gaga's last album?
Did you see the Kick-Ass sequel?
When's the last time you listened to The Beatles?
I can remember watching the original three Star Wars in the 80's
Hi, NFL season is just around the corner. What are you most excited for?
Who was your favorite Monsters Inc. character?
Do you listen to the Doobie Brothers?
Who is the most powerful Jedi from the Star Wars Movies
What is your favorite lady gaga video?
Are you listening to the Beatles again?
Did you see the new Wonder Woman?
Want me to pick up some redbox movies on my way home?
Have you listened to Halsey's latest album?
Do you watch NFL?
Ok, if you have to choose: Notorious B.I.G. or Tupac?
Have you heard they are making another Indiana Jones movie?
Do you like all movies?
Which character in the franchise do you think had the best story arc?
I just saw the new Pirate of the Caribbean movie.
Do you like Vietnam war movies?
I just saw Rogue One.
Do you want to talk about music?
Jake! How's it going bud, what are you listening to?
I saw a really good thriller movie today, it was called "Dark waters".
Hey do you think anyone can beat New England this year?
Do you like any acapella groups?
I used to really like Lady Gaga, but her music has been different lately.
Hey, what's your favorite pop song at the moment?
I have to get the pool cleaned before the grandkids get here on the 27th.
Did you know that Taylor Swift is moving to Iowa?
What do you think is the toughest division in the NFL?
Hey did you watch the super bowl?
I'm having a party this weekend and I was thinking about what music to play you got any recommendations
Do you consider The Sixth Sense to be a horror movie?
Are you a Justin Bieber fan.
If you could be a superhero who would you like to be.
Hey, when is the Final Four?
What is your favorite Gene Wilder film?
Do you think the Suns are good?
This is a really good band.
Annie is such a classic movie, It made me wish I had a daddy warbucks
How do you think Aaron Rodgers is going to do this year?
Will DC have the same film success that Marvel has had
How do you feel about animated movies?
A really great romantic movie is White Palace.
It is by far the greatest anime film of all time. How can you not have seen it?
Do you remember Busta Rhymes?
Do you want to go see Beauty and The Beast this weekend?
Have you read anything about Baby Driver?
Who do you think has the best receiving corps in the NFL?
Do you like to listen to rock music?
Did you know one of the actors is banned from Star Wars events?
I just saw Legends of the Fall.
Are you a fan of Disney movies?
What's your favorite movie?
winnie the pooh is one of the best movies
Can you name all the dwarves in Sleeping Beauty?
Hey, what´s up!
What do you think of King of Limbs?
You want to go see a movie?
Football seasons is almost here.
Did you see Metalica at the Grammys?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
We should make a movie.
The mateix is such a good thriller movie
What do you think is the greatest movie of all time?
Have you seen that new Tupac biopic?
I hope they come out with the new Deadpool soon.
Have you listened to any pop music currently
Have you watched the new CHIPS movie?
Do you follow basketball?
what are your thoughts on the song free as a bird?
So I just saw Mulan. That movie was epic!
What is your favorite punk rock band?
Do you want to go to the Eagles game in September with me?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
I was just telling my daughter about an old movie I loved to watch.
I love the 2002 thriller Insomnia, with Al Pacino and Robin Williams. Have you seen that?
What's that you are listening to?
How do you feel about the series?
Have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy?
Hey
Hi.
Did you see The Dark Knight?
Okay so there have been 3 cars movies out so far.
What's one pop song you can listen to on repeat over and over?
who is the best female rapper of all time?
Have you heard of the new Transformers movie that's coming out?
What is your favorite Disney franchise.
Do you like Indie type rap?
You've got a pretty eclectic collection of music here! Do you have favorites, or do you listen to all of them?
Did you see Logan?
Have you seen the newest Star Wars movie?
Did you see Moonlight yet?
Did you watch Pirates of the Caribbean: Salazar's Revenge?
What do you think of Deerhunter?
Have you ever been to the Hollywood Bowl for a music concert?
Who do you like to win the Super Bowl this year?
What's your favorite type of movie?
What was the name of the actor who voiced the dog in Fox and the Hound?
What is your favorite band?
You have see this movie called Suburban Commando.
Do you think Belle or Ariel makes a better heroine?
It's interesting how different styles of music cycle in and out in popularity in different incarnations.
Do you remember Jason Mraz?
I'm deeply saddened by the passing of Chris Cornell.
What do you think of the Black Panther movie?
Hello
Ok Then who's the tallest player in the NBA currently?
Who is your favorite pop artist/group right now?
What is your favorite comedy movie?
Hey have you ever heard of chiptune music?
Have you ever seen Misery?
Paul Walker was so cute in Fast and Furious.
Have seen from Dusk til Dawn?
What's your favourite Jim Carrey movie?
Do you listen to nerd rock?
Ever heard of Nick Hakim?
Jaws is a really cool movie to watch during the summer.
Guess what I am watching right now?
Have you heard of Ne-Yo?
Have you watched any of the NBA playoffs?
What do you think is the most memorable Disney musical?
What were you listening to this afternoon?
Did you watch the Super Bowl this year?
I just rewatched spiderman 3 and now I want to throwup
I do not like rap nowadays.
Hey Cindy, Going to the New Fab concert tonight?
Darth maul or darth vader?
Have you seen Batman vs Superman yet?
What's the funniest Pixar movie?
Hi.
hey have you seen any star wars movies lately?
What's the Beatles' drummer name again?
Guess who's 50 today?
Are you ready for some football?
Who is the best pop group of all time?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you like movies about boating?
Whats your favorite Pearl Jam song?
Have you watched the Littler Mermaid before?
Do you happen to listen to folk music?
Do you like Nicki Minaj?
Have you seen Hidden Figures?
Do you listen to a lot of rock music?
Hve you heard that AFi singer has started a new side band?
We watched a hilarious movie last night.
Hello?
What do you think of Arcade Fire
Have you seen the new Beauty and Beast movie?
What is the difference between rap and hip hop?
Hello.
Did you know that they guy who played C3PO has been the same in all of the Star Wars movies?
So what did Mozart die of exactly?
Are you into the Beatles at all?
Did you read the news about Michael Vick?
I just ordered some football tickets for next season.
How did you get into watching the Harry Potter movies?
You like pop music right?
So did the Celtics win last night?
Do you like Buju Banton.
Do you think they'll make a sequel to Zootopia?
Did you watch the nfl draft this year?
Hi what kind of movies do you like?
There should be a place where we can learn new music and listen before we buy.
What is your favorite instrument?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you seen the movie They're Watching?
Would you call The Help a comedy?
Have you seen the latest transformers movie?
My boyfriend and I just watched the Dallas Buyers' Club the other night. Have you seen it?
Do you like arcade fire?
The Slim Shady LP might be raps best album ever.
I am so excited for the Cowboys this season!
Did you hear they're coming out with a new Mary Poppins movie?
How did you like the wedding last night?
Would you like to come over this weekend? I'm having an 80s movie marathon.
Have you watched all of the Harry Potter movies yet?
If you could pick one classic band to listen to, who would it be?
What is your favorite Britney Spears song?
When do the 49ers start their summer training camp?
Do you like country music?
I heard that the Kings are playing the Falcons tonight, want to go see the game?
Let's chat about music: who's your favorite pop singer right now?
Hey did you watch Game 5 of the Spurs and Rockets?
Man, can you believe they've come out with eight Fast & Furious movies?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
What kinds of movies do you like?
Will music work?
I'm very impressed by Timber Thomas.
What do you think of Fleetwood Mac?
Hey man have you heard the latest Panic! at the Disco song?
Who was the band that did the song for the "More Cowbells" skit on SNL?
I think the Cowboys are going to be underwhelming this year. What do you think?
Have you been listening to anything lately?
Have you heard any of Tech N9ne's new material?
What did you think about Rogue One.
Hey did you hear that they were making a new sequel to the World War Z movie.
Have you ever watched when Harry met Sally?
I think that The Empire Strikes Back was the best Star Wars film. How about you?
Did you know Michael Jackson is the most-awarded artist of all time?
Wow! Those runners, though!
I just finished watching Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix!
What songs do you like of Madonna's work?
You been watching the Stanley Cup?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
The Broncos need to step up this year...man, do I want to see them go to the Superbowl again!
Do you like Lorde?
I watched the last two Harry Potter movies this past weekend.
Hey John how are you today
Hey man, did you hear about NFL deflategate?
Turn that back. That sounded like the Thompson Twins "Hold Me Now".
Did you see the really old Disney version of A Christmas Tale?
I really love the batman movies
I wonder if the new Han Solo movie will be good?
I rented Arrival from the Redbox last night.
Dont you just love to find a sleeper movie
which fast and furious movie was your favorite?
So I finally saw La La Land last night.
Are you ready for the pre-season game?
Hey who is your favorite band?
What do you think of the new Cars movie?
Was there ever a song that you loved when you were younger and then when you got older you were horrified because you realized what it was about?
Do you prefer the music of the Beatles as a band or as individual solo artists?
Who was your favorite The Goblet of Fire.
What pop music do you listen to.
Who is your favorite member of the fantastic 4?
What do you think of Cane Brown?
Who is your favorite team?
How did you like Ghostbusters?
Do you listen to foreign music?
Whether or not the East is weaker than the West.
I think Beauty and the Beast is one of the most unique Disney films.
Did you see the March Madness games this year?
Do you have a favorite superhero movie?
What's your favorite pop song on the radio right now?
What do you think about comedy movies of today?
Did you like that in time movie?
What's your favorite superman movie?
Hello. I want to see a good movie, which one do you recommend?
How old were you when Star Wars came out?
Did you see the latest Star Wars yet?
Did you ever collect football cards?
Have you seen Frozen?
Do you ever listen to Gucci Mane?
Did you notice that TV never plays any of the really good Disney movies?
Hi.
I can't get that song "Let it Go" out of my head, and the movie Frozen came out years ago!
Do you think Derek Carr was worth all the money the Raiders gave him?
How long have you been a fan?
hey do you want to go swimming with me?
Who do you think will be the worst NFL team?
Indiana Jones is my favoeite action movie.
What is your favorite vehicle in star wars.
What happened to the Bengals last year?
Have you seen the new wonder women movie?
Who is the greatest Super Bowl Championship team of all time?
Did you see the remake of Pete's Dragon?
What is the name of that rapper who plays in the car movies?
Do you like The Planet of the Apes?
You know what movie I just watched?
I freaking love the Harry Potter movies.
What movie have you seen recently?
Did you see Game 1 of the Spurs vs. Warriors series?
So what is your wedding song going to be?
Who was your favorite Potter charachter?
Hi
who is your favorite Hip-hop artist?
Allright, what's the absolute best superhero movie, ever?
I'm a big James Dean fan.
Did you ever see The Departed?
Hi.
I love thrilling movies
Do you like Stevie Wonder ?
Did you ever see Slapshot?
Why are there only two good teams?
Me and the kids watched Aladdin yesterday. I forgot how much I love that movie!
Are you into Everclear at all?
Hey what kind of music are you into?
What is your favorite disney movie?
Have you ever heard the Singles album by Lady Gaga?
I saw a movie called headshot.
What you doing?
So, I have a confession.
Who do you think wins the NFC East this year?
Was the original Star Wars called A New Hope?
What do you think about the BFG?
So be honest, before you knew they were brother and sister, did you think Luke and Leia would get together?
Have you seen any new movies lately?
Which disney film has the best musical score?
i like that poker face song.
What is a good movie about the apocalypse?
Seen any good comedies lately?
When i was at the movie theater the other day I saw a trailer for a new Disney movie called Coco. It looks interesting.
Ok, what do you think is the best Disney ballad?
I always thought 2Pac was better than Biggie.
How much do you like Bob Dylan.
Are you a Woody Allen fan?
Isn't Daniel Day Lewis a great actor?
Have you ever seen Ghost Dog, the movie?
hi sam
Hey girl, how have you been?
What kind of jazz music do you like?
Who's your favorite movie director?
Yo
Did you see the last Star Wars movie?
I am sure glad that NFL football is about to begin.
Do you remember Brit pop?
Hey, do you know anything about Eminem?
I just saw No Country for Old Men again last night. It's so good!
Have you seen the Star Wars movies?
Hi.
Who do you like for a comedy actor?
What's your favorite band?
When are you going to get your tickets to the Bills game?
DUDE you seen Wonder woman?
What do you think about Lady Gaga?
What is your favorite type of music?
Hey, which Disney movies have you seen lately?
Man, I always thought Longbottom was a wimp until the last movie.
When does the NFL pre-season start this year?
Hey Marie!
What did you think of the Force Awakens?
Hey, what's up?
What do you think of the progress of the Diamondbacks this season?
Have you seen the latest Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
How excited are you for the upcoming Han Solo movie?
Would you consider of a big NFL fan?
What country besides USA has provided the most to world music?
I got stuck watching Beuty and the Beast last week!
Who do you think is the current best rapper out?
Do you like the Beatles?
So is U2 going to have a new album soon or what?
Do you remember listening to boy bands when we were young?
Have you seen Hidden Figures?
Have you seen the new Jurassic Park movie?
Have we seen the last of a dominant starting running back that can handle 30 carries a game?
Have you ever seen a movie called The Thing with Kurt Russell?
Why did they auto-tune Belle so much in the last movie?
So you like ludacris?
What song was considered to be the first rap song?
Meet the Robinsons is a very good but underrated film.
Do you like listening to rock music ever?
Do you prefer classic films or modern films?
hey did you see Xscape on the BET awards last night
Do you like Bruno Mars new song?
I can't remember-- which Disney movie did "When You Wish Upon A Star" come from?
Who do you think is going to have the best offense in the NFL this year?
Have you heard about the latest leak that says Luke was on that deserted planet looking for lost jedi artifacts?
I can't believe how many injuries the Mets have had this year.
Do you like music videos?
The changed effects in the blurays just look out of place
Hi there.
Did you catch the playoff game last night?
Are you a football fan?
Do you plan on watching Thor?
Who is your favorite female singer?
Yo
Have you seen A River Runs Through It?
I love Coolio
What kind of music are you into.
Man, i'm so sick of all of these poppy-rap songs!
Do you remember seeing A League of Their Own?
Have you ever heard of the song I've been watching you?
They need to change the three point line.
So, the ultimate question, Marvel or DC movies?
What do you think of Mariah Carey?
I didn't like the Beatles until I was an adult and discovered the song Rocky Racoon
What did you think of the Harry Potter movie "Prisoner of Azkaban"?
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
Free Fire was such a fun movie to watch!
What's up with that guy from Soundgarden dying last month?
Did you see the NFL draft at all?
Are you much of a country music fan?
what's up with hollywood these days?
Have you seen all the Fast and Furious movies?
I am in the mood to watch a good movie, any suggestions?
Lets talk about movies
We should totally go see the new star wars movie together.
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Did you like the scene in beauty and the beast where Gaston exiles her father
I am so looking forward to seeing the Vikings play this year.
So, what do you think of Nicki Minaj?
What is your favorite pop song right now?
My husband and I finished all of the Harry Potter movies finally. Out of curiosity, who was your favorite character?
I so enjoyed Lady Gaga's half time superbowl  show.
What kind of music do you like?
Did you hear about the NFL player complaining about the NFL salaries?
What did you think of Dobby?
Let's talk about music, who is your favorite pop artist?
Do you have a favorite gaga album?
Your piano recital is this week?
Do you think Andrew Luck will be ready for pre-season?
Remember that RETURN OF THE JEDI movie?
What is you favorite Star Wars movie?
I've been thinking--lately I've been feeling like heist movies are my favorite genre.
Did you know they started filming a sequel to Jurassic World back in February?
Do you like Easy-E?
Hey man, when does the NFL season start?
Did you watch the latest Star Wars movie?
What do you think of Blind Guardian?
Who's your favorite rock band?
So have you ever listened to Led Zeppelin?
What kind of music do you listen to?
What's your favorite sport to watch on the weekend?
Hi, do you ever listen to melodic metal?
Are you a fan of the Coheed style of music?
Is there anything about the Fast & Furious series that you particularly like?
Did you see Girl on a Train?
Did you get to see the movie Logan?
Hi there.
I saw the music video to the song "Everybody Want to Rule the World", by the group Tears for Fears.
Did you watch the Lakers and the Cavaliers Wednesday?
Did you see report on ESPN about concussions in football?
what did you think of the harry potter movies?
Do you like the Beatles?
DO YOU LIKE MARVIN SAPP SONGS?
Hi! Do you like the Seahawks?
Have you ever seen The Little Mermaid?
Did you see the forty year anniversary of Saturday night fever.
How did your brother do in his ball game last night?
I'm glad Avenged Sevenfold dropped that new album
Hi.
How's your jewelry business going?
Are there any new thriller movies that are good?
Man can anyone beat the Patriots?
I just saw the new Jennifer Aniston rom-com. Have you seen it?
So, what was the last movie you saw in theaters?
what band is good to chill out to?
Did you ever see the movie Hairspray?
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
So, you've heard of the Beatles, right.  What do you think of their best selling Album, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band?
Are you a werewolf movie fan?
What team do you think will win the Super Bowl this upcoming season?
Did you like the new Jungle Book?
What is your favorite Beatles album?
Do you like classical music?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast?
Did you see the Halloween movie marathon AMC had on this weekend?
Have you seen the Moana movie yet?
Those are three great cast members.
Hey
What are the best super hero movies?
I love listening to music.
What's your favorite movie with comedians from Saturday Night Live.
It's so hard to choose the right wedding dress.
Fight Club was a trip, wasn't it?
Okay what was your favorite Disney movie growing up?
Do you watch much NFL live?
I have recently gotten into pop music.
Do you have any interest in going to an OAR concert with me?
Moana is something else, isn't it.
What did they use in the beginning?
Aerosmith has to be one of the best rock bands of all times.
I was listening to Sum 41 the other day and it brought back so many memories.
Hi.
You know who never gets enough attention or recognition ?
Hey
What is your favorite Lady Gaga video?
Have you sen the new Cars movie yet?
My friend at work mentioned a movie called Tangled. Do you think my daughter would like it for her birthday?
Do you consider yourself part of the Twenty One Pilots fanbase?
Oh favorite classic rock group?
Do you like Static X much?
Some people think that Tom Brady is too old to play football.  I think he is a bundle of energy.
My daughter can't stop watching Mary Poppins.
Everyone knows that "The Empire Strikes Back" was the best "Star Wars" movie.
What's your thoughts on The Beach Boys?
The Usual Suspects probably has the best twist ending ever.
Remember the movie GREMLINS?
Did you see that they are coming out with another Cars movie?
What do you think of movies with Julia Roberts?
Hey
I heard that new Aliens moving is coming out.
Can I ask your opinion about Justin Tmberlake?
One of my favorite movies is taken
Did you ever see Adventures in Babysitting?
My alarm was set to wake me up with Led Zeppelin today. I'm feeling pretty craaaaaazy now.
I need to get some movies to play on rainy days at a kids camp. Any suggestions?
Do you think that Britney Spears lip syncs her live performances?
Have you heard of Metalica?
Almost football season!
Who is your favorite Disney princess?
Who is the better villian, Darth Vader or Kylo Ren?
What is Lady Gaga's real name?
What do you think Luke has been up to all this time?
We just saw the new Cars movie the other night, Cars 3. It was really good.
Have you ever heard John Cafferty and The Beaver Brown Band?
Do you like the band U2?
Hey, what do you think about music?
Who do you think is the most attractive woman character in the Star Wars movies?
Which Disney movie is your favorite?
So, what do you think of the Detroit Lions this year?
Have you heard of the music festival called midtown in Atlanta?
What is your favorite genre of movie?
Hi.
Have you seen Casino Royale?
Hey, I love your dress!
So who do you think is going to dominate the Grammy's this year?
Do you like Thriller movies?
I can't watch "Ratatouille" anymore.
Seen any good zombie movies lately?
Hi.
Did you know that Ewoks are miniture versions of Wookies?
What do you think of Rihanna?
Hey NFL training camps begin at the end of this month are you excited
Can you believe that Cars 3 is now out in theaters?
I wonder what it would have sounded like if the beatles had reformed after lennin
Hey Bill, you watch the game last night? The 49ers performed like a high school junior varsity team compared to the Cowboys.
Mulan was such a great movie.
What do you think about Romantic Horror movies?
What are you doing tonight?
What did you think about Hayden Christensen's performance as Anakin?
Hey, do you want to see a movie this weekend?
Are you still a rap fan?
What type of music do you like?
Have you seen the new Fast movie?
Who is your favorite cross over artist?
What genre of movie do you like the most?
What are you doing?
I watched Fast Five for the first time last night.
Have you heard of 50 cent?
Have you heard Katy Perry's new songs?
I am watching these music videos on TV
Have you seen any good movies lately?
One of my favorite scary movies from the '80s is Poltergeist.
Do you enjoy pop music?
Have you heard the new Black Flag album
Do you like action movies?
Who do you think will win NFC North this year.
I can't wait for the NFL season to start.
What a season the Giants are having!
Hey dude you watch any good horror movies lately?
Did you like the Emperor from Star Wars?
Dude did you catch the game the other night?
House of Horror's Emporium.  How can I help you?
Who is better, Leia or Rey?
Have you heard Liam Payne's work?
Do you think that the Redskins will have a good year this upcoming season?
I think 'A Whole New World' was the best Disney song ever.
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new album.
Hey jim did you see boss baby?
Man, whatever happened to that bull Canibus?
Do you like older rock music?
Do you like football
Are brooches still popular?
What type of music did your parents listen to?
Did you ever see open water 2?
What was the last movie you saw?
Have you seen any horror movies lately?
So, Are you a fan of the NFL?
Who are some of your favorite bands of all time?
It is almost football season!
Have you seen the video for Lady Gaga's The Cure?
Hi.
I'm thinking about buying a new car.
Homeboy Sandman came out with another album.
Hey, have you heard that song "Gun Powder and Lead" by Miranda Lambert?
So are you going to see the new Transformers movie?
I'm looking forward to Sunday. It's time to renew the rivalry with Tom Brady.
Have you heard of the band Wintergaten?
Dude, have you heard the new Arcade Fire song?
Can you believe it's been over 60 years since Hollywood released a decent movie?
Have you seen the Lord of the Rings?
Hey, do you want to see that upcoming Star Wars film?
Hey, do you like horror movies?
How do you like country music.
I seen the new Tarintino movie, and it made me watch some of his older ones.
Did you catch the latest Fast and Furious, The Fate of the Furious?
It also has Walton Goggins.
Who is the best rapper in your opinion
What's the most interesting thing that you have ever seen done with a guitar?
I read a ranking list of the best football players ever. Guess who was number one?
Do you like old movies?
What do  you think about Lady Gaga's poker face?
What do you think of the Beatles?
Well, I let my kids watch all of the Harry Potter movies finally.
Which team in the NFL is your favorite?
Did you hear that Disney bought the rights to Anastasia?
So I know you love oldies.  Who is your favorite oldies band?
I saw Return of the Jedi last night.
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new song, The Cure?
Are you going to see John Wick?
So, you're not a Sgt Pepper guy. What album do you go for, then?
Hey man, are you excited about the new NFL season? I've had enough of trying to get into soccer, let me tell you...
One of the theaters near me is doing The Last Five Years.
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast?
Do you like movies
Do you like the fast and the furious?
What's your go-to movie?
I'm trying to think of a movie from when I was young, it had a fish in it.
Do you like music from the 90's?
Hey, are you going to be home Sunday for the game?
Have you seen all of the Fast and Furious movies?
do you like thriller movies?
Do you listen to Mastodon?
So will you be watching any NFL games this year?
Man i need to go to a concert
I watched Secret Killer last night. What a great movie!
I was reading a page of Yoda quotes from Star Wars, and I thought about how true they are today.
There is a new movie coming out called "Alice in Wonderland" today, would you like go see it?
Hey did you see that LSU won the SEC West championship?
Do you remember John Elway?
You know who's the definition of rock?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Reading the newspaper really gets me down
Have you heard Beyonces new song
Hey, can you believe the Rockies?
Who is your favorite NFL player?
What's your favorite music genre?
Have you heard bout the upcoming sequel to Mary Poppins?
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new album Joanne?
We had a Harry Potter movie marathon this weekend.
it's late and i got the beatles tune in my head
I just recently watched Mad Max again.
Do you know who Billy Joel is?
The Rams are going to be awful this year.
Hey, guess what movie I just watched?
I just watched Enemy of the State again.
Did you see the last Fast and Furious movie?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Are you as excited as I am to see the new Baywatch movie?
Did you see the first Star Wars movie when it came out in the 1970s?
Have you seen many Stanley Kubrick movies?
Who do you think is the best R&B artist around?
Have you seen any good thiller movies lately?
Uncle Billy can you change the station please.
Let's talk about the NFL.
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new album?
So, we jumped into the river and it was FREEZING! You remember that?
How much do you like Katy Perry?
The chargers are moving
Do you like that song "Applause" by Lady Gaga?
Do you like the song Just Dance?
Have you heard of Carley Rae Jepsen?
I bought a new car yesterday if you want to go for a ride sometime.
Hey which teams do you think will go to the Super Bowl this year?
What do you think is the best music video of all time?
Out of all the Star Wars movies what was your favorite?
Have you seen the new movie snatched?
Man this theater sucks
What's your favorite Star Wars movie out of all of them?
So, what David Bowie albums do you think are the best?
What is your favorite purse designer?
Hi there, I need some dance music ideas, what kind of dance songs do you like?
When does The Dark Tower come out?
So it is almost football season.
rock music has really gone down hill
I don't get it.
Have you heard of Keldian?
Did you like when the Sants won it all?
Do you like movie music?
Have you seen BACK TO THE FUTURE?
The last time we talked you said you didn't like the old time Hollywood musicals like Singing in the Rain.
Whats your favorite comedy movie?
You've seen Fast & Furious movies right?
Did you like The Ring?
Do you think NFL should have a celebration penalty?
Did you see they are coming out with an Incredibles 2?
Do you like country music?
I just saw Superbowl XXIII on demand.
Did you get around to listening to the Lady Gaga album that came out last year?
Do you ever listen to The Beatles' music?
Did you catch the new Point Break movie?
One of my favorite Al Pacino movies is Frankie and Johnny.
Slipknot is one of my favorite metal bands.
Do you like Green Day?
I'm marking off the days on the calendar to the most exciting day of the year.
Charles, I just saw the trailer for It Comes at Night and I have got to see that movie.
Hi.
do you like tupac ?
Hey you see any good movies lately?
So what do you think about the Detroit Tigers?
What's your favorite horror movie?
Do you remember the forest chase scene in Return of the Jedi?
Did you hear about the rap artist Prodigy?
Do you want to go to any of the Rams home games this year with me?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song?
Did you see that Beauty and the beast is now out on Blueray and DVD?
I'm going to go pick Apples at an Orchard this fall.
Do you think Dak Prescott is for real?
Hey, do you like watching football?
Did you watch the baseball game?
Were you ever into the Paranormal Activities movies?
I wonder what it means by the last jedi
Did you know Kylo Ren is the son of Leia and Han Solo?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Do you know what is the color of the year 2017, Deon?
So what are your favorite running songs?
You know CMA is in town next week.
If you had to name one, who would you say is the all time best football player ever?
Did you get around to seeing the Revenant?
Is Madonna still creating new music?
Do you know of any good rock bands?
Lets talk about movies
What is your favorite thriller movie?
where do you like to shop for clothes , accessories and shoes?
What do you think of Franco de Vita?
Have you heard the soundtrack to the series Peaky Blinders? I hear there is a lot of good music attached to that show.
I'm pretty sure that Braveheart is the best movie ever made!
What do you think about the new Disney movie Moana?
Do you like rock music?
So you listen to the hit music station sometimes?
Ever notice that Disney movies have a real thing for orphans?
Hey they posted the Nfl schdules.
Have you seen the horror movie Uzumaki?
Did you see the score last night between the Diamondbacks and the Padres?
Do you like the star wars movies?
Hey, have you ever seen the original version of The Exorcist?
What park is the best in baseball?
You've seen Star Wars right?
I like the Oakland Raiders.
I want to make a Summer playlist for the party on Saturday.
Do you want to talk about movies?
What's your favorite rock band of all time?
what is your favorite movie?
What rap music have you been listening to lately?
I heard that Huey Lewis and the News are doing an 80''s cruise!
Man terminator is pretty bad without arnold
What is your favorite kind of music?
Have you seen the new Beauty and The Beast Movie?
Do you like thriller movies
Do you like Abba?
So what's your favorite Star Wars movie?
Do you remember the first Super Bowl you watched as a kid?
Do you think Disney will ever make another Inside Out movie?
DO YOU LIKE COU TRY MUSIC?
What's your favorite boy band?
So what's your favorite type of music?
Hey Bob, wanna check ou that new Star Wars movie?
I reallly enjoyed Lady Gaga's performance at the Super Bowl.
What do you think of Sabaton?
Isn't their supposed to be an Incredibles sequel?
I really love Mary J Blige.
What did you think of the superbowl.
You know how they say behind every great man, there's a good woman?
What do you think of the current state of hip hop?
I just watched Lion King 1/2 yesterday.
Who do you think is better wide receiver Marvin Harrison or Reggie Wayne?
Are you interested in going to the movies this weekend?
Did you like the chase scene in Return of the Jedi?
What is your favorite band of all time?
I read today that Weird Al Yankovich is getting a star on the Hollywood walk of fame.
I agree, the song "Let it go" is still being played everywhere.
Have you ever seen Lady Gaga in concert?
Whats your favorite new Star Wars Movie?
I love to watch animated Disney films.
How about those Kansas City Chiefs?
Which one on the Book of the Jungle liked you most?
My favorite film composer is Hans Zimmer. I know that Williams is more popular, but he is my favorite.
Did you hear about the song Simon Cowell produced for charity?
Have you been listening to any good songs lately?
I think we are due for another Joy Luck Club.
Hey, I finally saw Guardians of the Galaxy!
Whats been the best thriller movie you ever saw?
Are there any romantic songs you like?
Whats your take on Hayley Mills movies?
I loved the horror movie The Crazies. Did you ever watch that one?
Were you ever into the Beatles when you were a kid?
Have you seen talledega nights
Do you like 80's hair bands?
What did you think about The Bourne Identity?
Is 2001 about space?
O.K. for our lunch movie discussion today we're supposed to talk about a recent movie.
Have you ever seen Grindhouse?
Do you like thriller movies?
Where did you get your new hat?
Who is your favorite oldies band.
When did you start listening to the Beatles?
Did you watch the 1950 cinderella movie
I am not sure but have you seen the current trades going  on in the MLB they are insane.
What do you think of Bruno Mars?
Cars 3 came out this past weekend.  Have you seen it yet?
Do you like the Panthers?
What do you think of Radiohead?
Who is your favorite MLB team?
What Disney movie would you like to see redone?
Do you remember when our kids would listen to Chumbawamba all the time?
are you ready for the new season to start
Did you watch the NFL Draft?
Who is in Marathon Man?
Why are all these guys wearing denim shorts all the sudden?
I wonder what's so dfferent about the European culture that led to all these things.
Hey!  How have you been?
My kids really loved the Pee Wee Herman movies.
I just got the blu-ray dvd of the movie Avatar!
Do you like movies?
Do you like Star Wars?
Do you remember when Disney made the Hercules movie?
Have you seen all off the Harry Potter movies?
Are you a horror movie fan?
What do you think the greatest Beatles song of all time is?
How are you today?
Black Sabbath played their final show in Febuary, and they are having a special one night movie screening of it.
What's your favorite thing about the NFL?
It's time to talk about those Atlanta Falcons.
I want to go to Hogwarts!
I heard a funny story about Justin Bieber.
Did you see that performance
Do,you like Charlie Daniels?
Ugg,it is almost fall.
I am looking for a good music documentary to watch, seen any?
Do you like "The Killers"?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Do you like classic movies?
Do you think that Dom's car is better than Brians in The original Fast& Furious?
Sometimes the movie feels a little confusing, or maybe I am just throwing contemporary perceptions on the whole thing.
I'm looking for a good musical to watch. Any suggestions?
I don't really understand whether there's a difference between rap and hip-hop. The language confuses me.
What do you think about the Chargers and Raiders both moving to new cities?
Do you like rap music?
Ready for the concert?
Did you happen to catch "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?"
I watched The Half Blood Prince again yesterday.
Do you like the earlier Beatles' music or the latter?
Alright, So here is a serious question. What do you think of Laday Gaga's music?
What is your favorite musical?
Did you see the game between the San Antonio Spurs and the Houston Rockets last night?
What are the furry, bear-like creatures in Return of the Jedi?
Are you a fan of Beatles music?
The Harry Potter books are some of my favorites, though I really like the movies as well.
I can't stop listening to telephone!
What songs do you like by Lee Brice?
Excited for Game 7 on Monday?
HAVE YOU SEEN THE MOVE HOW STELLY GET HER GROOM ON?
What did you think of the 3rd Fast & Furious movie?
What is your most underrated comedy?
Have you ever seen The Godfather?
What are some teams that you're excited about in the NFL next season?
Do you like Whit Zombie?
just saw a video interview of adraina comparing herself and her music with the late whitney houston
What do you think is Martin Scorsese's best movie?
So what are going to be the worst teams in the NFL this year?
Have you heard of the new song by Julia Michaels?
So have you seen any new movies lately?
Who is the most mysterious person in Star Wars?
Who is your favorite director?
Hey man, why do you always root against the KC Royals.
I am looking into making a mix tape of love songs for my fiancé.
Another day passes. Another day less until we finally see some football.
Who is your Favorite pop star?
Seeing people like Neville and Luna develop in Dumbledore's army during the fifth movie is the best.
What did you think about Lady Gaga's concert last night?
I never understood Speed Metal.
Have you ever seen Some Like it Hot?
Do you listen to much local music?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Ever here Perry Como live?
NWA was one of the most influential rap groups of the 90's.
Did you see any of the movies nominated for an oscar for best picture 2017?
Lets talk about football
Hi.
So is it just Disney animation you like then?
When does Gleyber Torres get called up to the majors?
What is the thing you hate most about movies?
I'm sorry to say I'm a fan of the Cleveland Browns.
i really dont like disney movies
Are the Beatles even still alive today?
Do you like the way music works now?
Are you ready for football to start again?
In Spiderman, do you think the green goblin was actually talking to Harry in the mirror, or was it just in his mind?
What's your opinion on the Star Wars movies?
I am liking these new movies
So what do you think is the most ridiculous shot made that didn't count?
Have you seen the movie Straight Outta Compton?
What kind of music do you like?
So what kind of music is your favorite type?
Have you seen that one villain movie Suicide Squad?
What kinds of movies do you like?
Have you heard the new Imagine Dragons song?
Do you remember Brian aka Paul Walker from the Fast & Furious movies.
What type of movies do you like?
Who do you like for female music?
Did you watch the BET Awards?
I wonder why Skrillex hasn't come out with a new album in years.
What is your favorite movie genre?
Who would you say is the best male vocalist today?
What is your favorite Tom Hanks Movie
Did you hear that Taylor Swift is putting her music back on Spotify and other streaming services?
Hey
Do you think the Pats are going to the Superbowl again this year?
The Dark Knight is my favorite movie.
Do you want to see a rematch in the Finals?
Do you think it's weird that a lightsaber training device just happened to aboard the Millennium Falcon in Ep. 4?
Do you like basketball?
Do you remember the movie Big?
Do you like Star Wars movies
Hi how are you?
Afternoon.
What are you listening to right now?
Are you looking forward to the new NFL celebration rules?
Holy Moly, did you just see what "Lady Gaga" was wearing on the award show?
do you know who your nose reminds me of?
Have you ever heard of the band Praxis?
So do you know if Counting Crows are releasing a new album soon?
Do you like Westerns?
Hey you ready for football season
Whatever happened to Marilyn Manson?
Have you seen that new Disney movie Moana?
Who is your favorite rap artist right now?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
I swear I could watch "Interview with a Vampire" everyday. I love that movie!
Can you guess how many football players have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Who would win a fight, Darth Maul or Yoda?
The scene where Mufasa dies in The Lion King is always so sad.
I'm so thrilled that the Wonder Woman movie is doing so well at the box office. Have you seen it?
Tomorrowland should have been a much better movie then it was.
I am trying to find something
Do you think there are more female villains, or male ones in Disney cartoons?
What do you think of Katy Perry's new album?
what type of music do you listen to
Have you ever seen The Parent Trap?
Out of every movie that you've seen, which one is your favorite?
Have you hear the new song That's What I like?
Have you seen Wonder Woman?
I want to go see the Mummy soon.
Wasn't the 80's the best era for music?
Sow ho is your favorite actor right now?
Do you like old musical movies?
What's your favorite movie?
If you were stuck on a desert island with a stereo and only one music album to listen to, what would it be?
Where are you going?
Hi.
Are you familiar with Charlie Hunnam the actor?
You know who Pink Floyd is right?
Hey, have you seen the Lion King?
Have you ever seen Mariah Carey in concert ?
hey! its comparison Wednesday!
My brother loved The Association.
what's your favorite disney movie?
What is your favorite comedy movie?
I just saw Deadpool and really loved it.
How do you feel about Lady Gag?
What is your favorite disney character of all time?
Which of the original trilogy was your least favorite?
Do you think they will find some on to replace Carrie Fisher in the Star Wars movies.
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast?
What do you think of the original Star Wars trilogy vs. the new ones?
When does football season start?
Did you know they are making Toy Story 4?
Do you like the New York Yankees?
There were an awful lot of surprise trades during this NFL offseason
Did you see Monsters, Inc.
What kind of music do you like?
Are you planning to watch that new movie Alien:Covenant?
Are you a fan of the New England Patriots?
So what do you think they should do for the final stand alone movie?
Have you seen all the Harry Potter movies?
Hey, did you see the Wonder Woman movie in theaters right now?
Dave Grohl is such a good drummer!
Did you hear about the director for the Han Solo spinoff movie being replaced by Ron Howard?
Have you seen that movie La La Land?
Have you listened to Halsey's new song?
Do you like Captain America?
I really want the Spurs to win the Finals.
The Cavs put the nail in the coffin on the regular season.
I don't get how they are going to make a live action Lion King Movie.
Did you see Dr. Strange?
Did you hear the new pink track ?
Do you like Kenny Chesney?
What's your all time favorite Disney movie?
Who do you think will be picked for MVP this year?
Did you watch the Cavaliers and Celtics game on Friday night?
What Disney films do you like?
Do you like the National Lampoon movies?
HI, HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT THE MOVE ANGER BIRDS?
Which superhero’s movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe do you like the most?
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
What do you think is the most iconic Disney movie from your childhood?
What do you think of NWA?
Have you watched any movies lately?
Hey, it is July already.  You about ready for some football again?
what do you think about Wall-E?
Have you seen the new Star Wars Movie?
I am pumped for some NFL!
Who are some of your favorite pop artists?
Hey
Did you see the Dodgers game last night?
There are so many good pop songs coming out this upcoming summer, what's your favorite?
So I've never seen the Harry Potter movies.
I'm confused about how a player can stay onside or be offside.
have you heard new limp bizkit
Hey do you know when the Saints play against the Patriots?
I was thinking about that Beatles song, "Yesterday". I like the verse "yesterday all my troubles seemed so far away".
Have you seen any funny movies recently?
Do you like the Star Wars series?
What is your favorite comedy movie?
So, Week 1.... Bucs VS Bengals.
I had MTV on this morning and they were actually playing music videos.
So what was up with Beauty and the Beast?
Do you think the position of running back is a dying breed?
What do you think of showtunes?
Have you seen the latest movie from Hugh Jackman, called Logan?
The new Picture Fast & Furious 8 will be coming out this summer are you going to see it?
Have you seen the new Cars movie yet?
Do you like the band Krokus?
Did the Cats play basketball last night?
I think the revolver album is lame
Do you like Harry Potter?
Do you like the Jonas Brothers?
How do you think it felt being Han Solo frozen in carbonite?
Do you like the Beach Boys?
Alright, real talk, is Lebron James the best of all time?
Finally caught up on Harry Potter yesterday!
Have you heard ringo is coming out with another album?
Do you like pop music?
Do you have a favorite movie?
You a Giants fan?
Did you ever like 50 cent music?
So, what's your favorite rap or hip-hop song right now?
I saw Fast and Furious Six last night.
hey, have you seen the list of imdb's top 100 movies?
What are some of the themes in 2001 A Space Odyssey?
Have you ever watched Star Wars?
What do you like more comedy or horror films?
Hey
Who is your favorite band?
What football scandals do you remember?
What's your opinion on Bon Iver?
Have you hear of John Legend?
Which was your favorite Harry Potter film?
What do you think about Taylor Swift?
do you watch ice hockey
Dad, what is the NFL?
What do you think of Jethro Tull?
Do you watch NFL football.
Hey, how are you today?
Are you a fan of Sofia Coppola's movies?
Hey Marty, what are you doing?
The Princess and the Frog is an important movie.
I heard Remy Ma dissed Nicki Minaj.
One major thing we have in common is our love for the NFL. Would you agree?
i love when modern rock bands cover the beatles
i wanna see paramore live so bad.
I have a guilty pleasure movie from the 90's.
Do you know much about the game the game ice hockey?
Are you guys going to do a Fantasy Football draft again this year?
Yo you seen the new guardians of the galaxy?
Have you heard the new Killers song?
I love the Star Wars movies. Would you also consider yourself a fan?
I heard a great new song today.
Across The Universe is a great song
Have you heard about the problems with the new Han Solo movie?
The 80s was definitely the best year for horror. They gave us iconic slasher villains like Freddie Krueger and Jason Voorhees!
I like movies that make me laugh.
Who do you think is the worst team in the league?
Would you like to see the current passing rules revised?
How many Superman remakes have their been so far?
What do you feel is the most overrated NCAA conference in basketball?
New rap or old rap?
What is your favorite series of Disney movies?
What is your favorite scene from a Harry Potter movie?
What is the last movie you watched?
Have you heard Brett Young's new song?
I rented John Wick 2 last night.
Do you ever listen to Rap music?
Have you been to any concerts lately?
Would you consider Fred Durst a rapper?
Do you think the Joker should have his own film?
Are you going to catch the new Fast & Furious movie?
Have you ever seen wait until dark?
What was the last movie you watched? How was it?
I was chatting with my uncle about underrated movies the other day, and his answers really surprised me.
Who do you think are rocks best guitarists?
Hey do you like Kenny G?
So what do you like better, the old Snoop Dogg music or newer Snoop Dogg?
What movie do you think did not really need a sequel?
ok, Fine well, if I do get the money, and then change the scenery from western Europe to central Europe and southern Russiam then do I have more gore?
What's the best Star Wars movie?
What do you think of prince?
Have you seen the movie the other women?
Name a good horror movie for me to watch.
Hey did you hear about some of the Falcon players?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Do you ever think a no. 16 seed will beat a no. 1 seed in the tournament?
Its a little old school, but do you like Beatles music?
Frozen was such a good movie, it became really popular
Do you like tim mcgraw?
Oh my God, I am getting so excited about the Saints season.
Did you see the first Star Wars movie?
Have you heard the song "Strawberry Fields"?
Hey, are you excited that it is finally the weekend?
What happens in the movie Fuzzbucket?
What is your favorite type of music?
So have you ever been into rap or hip hop?
What is your favorite genera of rock music?
What is your favorite Batman movie?
Lets talk about music
I told you earlier about one possible Return of the Jedi ending, want to hear another?
Man i am so bored right now
Did you see Up?
I hate how some companies milk movies
Mind if I put on a record?
Man we slost some good musicians in our lifetime.
What are some underrated Disney movies?
Do you ever watch John Carpenter movies?
Do you remember Tupac?
Who do would you say is your favorite pop artist?
The hulk is a pretty cool superhero
Hi there.
I got some scary news for you
Are you still into Every Frame a Painting.
Do you have a favorite character in the Fast & Furious series?
I would like to take a few minutes to ask you how big are you on Whitney Houston?.I was a really a fanatic of her music.
What is that noise?
What is a good thriller movie to watch?
Whats your favorite movie of all time?
You know part of the fast and furious movies i love the most?
Do you like the movie Mad Max?
Did you ever see the movie The Birds?
I heard a great new album recently.
Did you ever see the 40 year Old Virgin?
Who's your favorite live pop performer today?
Everyone gets bogged down in the Superman versus Batman thing!
Did you know Yes is touring this year?
Do you like to listen to live music?
Did you listen to the American Top Forty song countdown on the radio last week?
Have you seen any good disney movies lately?
Was the movie "Maleficent" about "Sleeping Beauty"
I watched Patriot's Day this weekend.
I am going to a concert this weekend, a music concert.
I'm so excited to see that Toy Story has a new movie coming out.
Have you ever seen the movie Dazed and Confused.
I finally saw the movie La La Land.
When I was in Chicago some years ago I was staying in a hotel next to the theater where the Lion King stage musical was playing.
Did you like the ending of Return of the Jedi?
I'm having a Disney movie marathon!
What was the first rock concert you went to?
Have you seen "The Simpsons Movie"?
Who ends up starting for the Texans this year?
I like Nicki Minaj in ANACONDA.
Zombie land is perfect
So I finally watched John Wick Chapter 2
I was thinking we should have a superbowl party this year.
I love superman so much he is the best comic book hero
Did you ever see Bad Santa?
What do you think about Durant's move to Golden State
Have you seen Inside Out?
Hi.
Are you going to see the Newest Pirates of the Caribbean Movie?
Did you see the new Ghostbusters?
What do you think about Wonder Woman?
Have you heard Miley Cyrus's new song Malibu?
morning
I hope the Bears win this year.
Have you seen Logan yet?
Did you see the game last night with the Bulls?
who was your favorite boy band?
Who are your favorite characters in the movie Frozen?
Do you know Key and Peele from Comedy Central?
So what's up with Miley Cyrus?
Have you watched Avengers 2 yet?
Do you like that song Express Yourself from NWA?
Mean Girls is the best girl movie ever
Have you heard of the song "I built a friend".
What kinds of movies do you like?
I was reading about the top draft pick for the 2018 NFL draft.
Did you like the Force Awakens?
Whi is your favorite rock group?
What did you think about the movie moonlight.
Hey, how do you think your Patriots are going to do this year?
So, what's up? Are you glad it's Friday.
I like older Disney films.
Do you like to watch Basketball?
What album was wish you were here from.
the beatles are back!
Did anyone get to see Transformers: The Last Knight yet?
Do you prefer the old Star Wars movies or the new ones
Will the Browns ever be good?
Hey are you ready for the falcon game?
Did you ever see The Sword and the Stone?
Have you heard Megadeth's new album?
Do you like those horror flicks that are actually silly?
Have you seen any movies recently?
Did you see The Revenant?
Who do you think would win, a young Rey or a young Leai?
So I was listening to Amber Run the other day
Do you like the band Type O Negative?
Do you plan on watching football next year?
I love Christmas music.
Do you think CCR is a good rock band?
Have you seen the Apple Airpods commercial?
Have you seen the movie" Puppet Master"?
Do you know anything about football?
Hi.
Do you prefer movies that make you question the plot?
Did you see the new Kong movie?
Which part of the Star Wars movies left you in complete disbelief?
Do you like the force awakens
Which team do you think is going to be the surprise team this year?
Hi, who is this you are listening to?
Did you know that Lady Gaga was a songwriter and a performer?
what do you think about Avril Lavigne?
I went to get pizza for lunch.
Who is going to win it all this year?
Do you know who Halsey is?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's music video Bad Romance.
Horseback riding sure would be nice!
Are there any songs in the charts you like right?
I watched Seven for the first time last night.
Did you get to see Sleater-Kinney last year when they came out of retirement to go on tour?
Any news on Big Ben Rothensberger?
Did you see Godzilla?
Christopher Lee was the best Sith, hands down.
Why do you watch so many old movies?
Did you see Guardians of the Galaxy 2 yet?
My favorite Star Wars movie was Return of the Jedi, which one is your favorite?
I watched such an interesting movie last night. I'm still thinking about it now!
I really like that Suddenly I see song
Do you follow the NFL coaching staff at all?
I'm trying to decide if I want to get Netflix or Hulu. What do you think?
What do you think is the most overrated Lady Gaga song?
I want togo see Wonder Woman soon, but not sure if it is playing this weekend yet.
Do you like The Beatles' music?
Did you actually watch the original Star Wars when it was originally released?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Are you going the battle of the bands next weekend?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Have you ever seen Caddyshack?
What was your favorite movie as a kid?
Did you hear Jay Z changed how he's spelling his name?
What do you think of Ed Sheeran as an artist?
I have been listening to the last David Bowie album a lot.
I finally saw Knocked Up the other day.
Have you ever seen the classic taxi driver.
YO
What team that made the playoffs last year do you think will miss them this year?
What types of songs did you like that the Beatles played.
Did you have fun at the concert last night?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
What do you think is the best horror movie of all time?
I can't believe how bad the Mets have been this year.
I wonder if they will get around to making a movie based on the cartoon
Have you seen the trailer for the new Annabelle movie?
Did you know the a baseball had 88 stitches on it.
What is your favorite Star Wars scene?
What rock band is your all time favorite?
Who won the game?
Whose pop music song are you listening to?
Well you just multiplied 4 by 4 and said 16. Wrong.
Hey, let's go to the movies tonight!
what's your best rock band?
Remember that Mos Def jam Ms Fat Booty?
Hey, what's up?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Did you see that new alien movie, called Arrival?
do you like Elvis music
Do you like those top ten lists that people do?
hi jarry,whats good?
What is your favorite type of music?
How many concerts have you been to?
I've been watching Chasing Amy too much. I can't get the Star Wars scene out of my mind.
So what do you think about the Sox this year?
Do you think Nightmare on Elm Street is the best horror film
I cannot stand some characters in movies and fiction
If you could see one band in concert, who would it be? It can be now or the past.
I think the mascots are pretty fun to watch at the football games.
How's it going? Are you pumped for the upcoming NFL season?
i didn't feel todays lecture
Inside Out was the best movie Disney did.
What was your first Lady gaga song?
how are you feeling about the upcoming nfl season?
What is you thoughts on One Direction?
I need to know: who do you like better, the Rolling Stones or the Beatles?
This has been an interesting season so far.
What is a good horror movie you have seen recently?
Who do you think the greatest quarterback of all time is?
Did you like the new Star Wars movie?
Hey Alfredo, have you seen any movies lately?
So, what is your favorite movie?
So, anyone rap artist I kind of like is Wyclef Jean.
Do composers write love songs because their hearts are full, or are their hearts full because they stir themselves up with music?
Know what I think is hilarious?
What is your favorite David Lynch film?
What obscure music do you like?
I watched Kung Pow again last night.
I just saw Seven again last night.
Who is you all time favorite star wars character?
have you been seeing all the hoopla about Shia Leboeuf?
I really like the band Labyrinth Ear.
Do you listen to the Beatles ever?
I'm ready for the football season to begin - the Pats are going to take it again!
Did you think Emma Watson was a good choice to play Belle?
Is Lady Gaga really a woman?
Do you watch disney movies?
Do you like the clone wars?
Have you ever seen Princess protection program?
Do you like those old Do-wop songs?
Do you like Tool?
I love the Fast and Furious movies.
So can you suggest a good thriller to watch?
I'm excited to watch my favorite movie of all time tonight.
What's your favorite old thriller, a classic.
I went to the mall last night and saw that forever 21 started to sell men's cloths.
I think the movies are really bad these days
Who's your favorite band?
What kind of music are you partial to?
There is something I don't fully understand about 'The Fate of the Furious.'
What are your favorite genre of movie?
So, to me the greatest thriller of all time was Silence of the Lambs.
Who was the best dressed at the Dior Fashion show?
Hey what is up man
Do you enjoy listening to AC/DC?
It is so strange
Do you like Beyonce'?
Let's get into the great pop wars of our time, where you team Britney or Christina?
Do you the group Chicago?
Who's your favorite Star Wars heroine?
What NFL team will have the best regular season record this year?
I watched the Lion King the other day.  But I still don't see how it is Hamlet.
How's lady gags last few singles done on The charts?
I saw the first Star Wars movie when it came out in theaters.
Do you like nicolas cage?
So what have you been listening to lately?
What did you think of Jabba the Hut in the Star Wars movies?
Are we going to go see Despicable Me 3?
Have you been listening to The Beatles lately?
Did you watch the last Superbowl?
Have you seen any good comedies lately?
The film Pocahontas is based on the biographical and real story of a sailor and soldier named John Smith!
Apparently not every town is a big supporter of their NFL football team.
do you have a favorite star wars movie ?
Wanna talk about movies
Do you like rap music?
I want to see minions
I truly believe that Kendrick Lamar's "Good Kid, M.a.a.d. City" is the best rap album of this generation.
What's your favorite type of music?
When was the last time you went to see a good Thriller movie? I went last week to see hush have you ever seen it?
Have you seen Split?
What rock band do you listen to most often?
My daughter is addicted to Finding Dory. She requests that movie every Friday for movie night.
It felt like the music in this album was so graceful!
Have you ever seen The Omen?
Hi.
Lets start a new pandora station
Have you ever watched a Disney movie on a projection screen?
You know which movie Disney should do as a live action?
Are you a fan of horror movies?
Lets talk about rock music
Do you play any musical instruments?
What' the best thriller movie you have seen lately?
Which era is your favorite for rock music?
So, you told me Mama Mia is you favorite movie musical--any others?
Have you seen the movie Shutter Island?
You should go see it.
Would you consider yourself to be an audiophile?
hey can you come pick me up to go pick up that new snoop dogg
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Which did you like better, the live action Jungle Book or the original animated version?
Have you seen Why Him?
Why did The Beatles break up?
Do you every think about how young Snow White was?
Hey when does the NFL pre-season start this year?
Do you want to go out Saturday night and hang out in a club or something?
I still think one of the top all time thriller movies was Psycho!
Do you know New Order
Do you like Drop Kick Murphies?
How many Alladin movies are there all together?
What is one of your favorite horror movie reboots?
Hi.
Do you like Queen?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Do you remember the song "Revolution?"
What is it you like about Disney movies? Is there anything specific you can think of?
Do you like comedy movies?
What album was the beatles last
The thing is the way disney abuses sequels can lead to a bad thing
Remember when Eminem first came out?
Do you think it is harder to find good music these days?
I watched A League of Their Own more times than I can count as a kid
Have you ever seen Shutter Island?
Are they going to make anymore Indiana Jones films?
Hey.
What recent movie do you like best?
Hey so good to see you!
Hey, have you seen the latest Star Wars movie lately?
So how do you think the Dolphins will do next year?
Which battle do you think is best in all the Star Wars movies?
I think Robin Williams gave the Genie so much character in Aladdin.
Do you like comedy?
Hi! Are you excited for the next Green Bay Packers season??
What was the song 'Hey Jude' about?
Are you a 311 fan?
What are some of your favorite horror movies?
What's your favorite Beastie Boys album?
Did you watch high school musical?
Hey do you remember the REM days?
Have you ever seen Open Water?
Have you seen that movie Signs?
What is your favorite band for lyrics?
I really like classical music, though it's not very popular.
Hey
Do you enjoy Disney movies?
I just got into listening to Elvis.
Man, just got back from the Pink Floyd concert.  It was Rockin'
Now, Naomie Harris really had a stunning dress!
What do you think is the best Thriller movie?
Whats your favorite Rocky movie?
Hi.
Hey, do you remember the Nas and Jay battle?
Did you see that movie Enough?
It's so sad that Carrie Fisher died.
This music sucks
I saw Vertigo the other night.
So, who are Rey's parents?
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE THE WILLIAMS SINGERS?
Did you know they're making a toy story 4?
Have you heard about the latest rumor for episode 9?
Dad, can I stay up and watch the game with you?
Hi.
who's your favorite droid?
Did you hear that Moana is on Netflix now?
How many tours has Lady Gaga done?
What is your favourite Disney movie?
Hey, it's almost football preseason!  Are you excited?
Do you like the country music group Lady Antebellum?
I know you have always liked the Beatles.  Which member has been your favorite?
Have you seen the new movie Wonder Women ?
I just saw The Phantom Menace.
Have you ever seen the Bourne Ultimatum thriller?
How do you feel about Ariana Grande?
Hi there
Have you seen the movie Elf?
Did you ever see Death Proof?
Are you at all into war movies?
Did you ever see the silence of the Lambs?
How well do you think The Rock fits into the Fast & Furious movies?
Did I tell you that I was going to the symphony last night?
What do you think about Justin Bieber?
So, who's your favorite Princess?
I spend too much time communing to work.
Who do you think will make it to the Super bowl this year?
Did you see that Jamal Adams got drafted by the Jets?
So I'm thinking about buying tickets to Blink 182 tomorrow.
I like THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK.
Have you seen thirteen ghosts?
The SEC baseball tournament is the weekend after next
Do you ever wonder if anyone from the Star Wars universe ever made it to our galaxy?
Hey, you took music theory, right?
Hi
Do you like the me song?
What do you think about Queen touring with Adam Lambert?
Who's your favorite Classical composer?
have seen the great wall ?
Have you heard of this movie called “Kimi no Na wa,” also called “Your Name”?
Do you like Bob Dylan?
I went to see the new Wonder Woman movie.
So football season starts in just a couple more months.
How old are you?
Did you hear that Snoop Dogg changed his name?
Are you exited about the new Cars movie?
Hi
I am excited about the upcoming NFL season, when does it start.
I am serious i think Episode 1 is decent
What horror movie are you looking forward to seeing in theaters?
Did you ever see the movie 61*?
Do you know what year did the Beatles form their band?
Okay, guess this one. "Help! I need somebody. Help! Not just anybody."
Dude you think Ezekiel Elliot is going to run for 2000 yards this year?
Have you heard Gaga's latest album?
Are you going to see Cars 3 this summer?
Tell me about some star wars movies you like.
Are there any Disney movies that you didn't like?
Who is the best manager in the game today?
Were you ever a fan of horror films?
Do you remember when the Beatles came to America.
do you want a muffin with your coffee?
Who is the greatest defensive player in the league?
Man i wish i was a kid again
What is your favorite Meg Ryan movie?
Are you a fan of Wes Carpenter movies?
Have you heard any good albums lately?
Hey, what do you think of the "Despacito" song on the radio?
Do you know the rapper Future?
How dare you say the hateful 8 is his best movie?
Hey
Discovered any good new artists lately?
How did you like Prodigy?
Have you heard any good new rock lately?
Why do you think they make movies?
What rap artists do you like?
So, is there anyone in Pop music right now that you are really into?
Are you ready for NFL?
It is. What's your favorite Nirvana song?
Do you prefer the prequals or the original trilogy
Why are so many Mets players getting hurt?
What do you think of vampire movies?
What did you think about the movie Sully?
Did you watch Rogue one?
Hey have you ever seen the Jason Bourne movies?
What is going to be the story line of the NFL this season?
I love all types of music. How about you?
What is your favorite horror movie?
Who is your favorite boy band?
What do you think of all this drama with Russia?
I like BORN THIS WAY by Lady Gaga.
Do you like Twenty One Pilots?
let's not talk about injuries at QB, due to being hit a ton.
So I watched Haunted Mansion the other day.
Have you seen Inside Out?
Do you like any of Johnny Cash' music?
I can watch the falcons all day
What do you think about the upcoming Han Solo film.
The Beatles' music is just timeless.
Do you like the hunger games
When was lady Gaga born?
Did you see Wonder Woman?
Hey how do you think the Seahawks will do this season?
I am wanting to start making music again
Power Rangers!
I love the fact that female characters in Star Wars are written as strong characters and they do amazing things!
Wait, do I have all the dreamworks movies?
Do you like to sing?
Who do you think will win the NFC East this upcoming season?
Did you ever hear that one song by Eminem, the way I am?
Okay, I hate to do this.  But I'm going to do it anyway.
Do you think that the new main three of the Star Wars sequel trilogy fits into the main three of the Star Wars original trilogies roles?
What's your favorite Pixar movie?
Why was Samuel L. Jackson in the new Kong movie?
Where would you put The Conjuring on your list of best horror films of all time?
Hey, you ever heard of Casiopea?
pocahontas is completely underrated. the movie, i mean. and the character!
What is going on here?
Do you feel like The Last Jedi will be a good one?
who you like this season?
Did you know that they are making a new Predator movie?
What is your favoriate Beatles album?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song?
Can you believe what happened in Manchester?
I just read where Michael Jackson's Thriller is going to be released this summer.
Do you like Lady Gaga?
Have you heard the new Gorillaz album, "Humanz"?
Are you excited to for NFL season to start soon?
Have you seen the new Star Wars film?
Did you see Rogue One?
I went and saw that movie Split the other day at the theater.
Did you ever watch the Dark Knight?
Do you hear 50 cent was working on a new album?
Hi are you a fan of NFL football?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Do you listen to Pink?
Ok, give me your three greatest rock songs of all time.
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Which team in the NFL do you like the least?
Hi! Are you guys getting ready for your winter concert?
Hey, did you recognize the blonde guy in Saw?
What do you think about Migos?
Wonder Woman made lots of money on opening weekend! It was also the first superhero movie directed by a woman. How do you think that will effect other super hero movies and those that may be directed by women?
I loved Taylor Swift's 1989 album.
What would you say is your favorite comedy?
whats your favorite pixar
What do you think about the music artist Drake?
Hey, do you know why the Celtics are wearing black bands on their jerseys?
Have you seen the new Wolverine movie?
Hey Mark did you hear that they will play an NFL game in Toronto again?!
Have you seen the new Moana movie?
Want to go to Chicago?
Hey, how is i going?
Did you see that the Green Bay Packers picked up Bennett this offseason?
Have you seen any new movies lately?
Hello.
Are you into Star Wars ?
I like the DALLAS COWBOYS logo.
What new movies have you seen lately?
Hi
Bob Dylan is probably the greatest songwriter ever.
Did you hear there is a Star Wars 8 coming out soon?
What Disney movies came out in the 90's?
Any parallels in music or movies for you?
Do you have any good oldies I can listen to?
Have you heard of CALL ME MAYBE by Carly Rea Jepsen?
Do you like Spiderman?
I always thought I had seen a lot of Disney movies, but apparently not...
Had you ever seen Ace Ventura?
Do you like this band?
Have you seen all of the Cars movies?
Should the NBA realign?
Have you seen any movies about super heroes lately?
Did you get to see Snatched yet?
Think the Bills will be any good this year?
What is your favorite Johnny Depp film?
Did you see the move "The Interview?"
What's your favorite A Tribe Called Quest song?
What is the last concert you went to see?
I think George Clooney was the best Batman.
I really like pop music.  What do you think of pop music?
Thinking about all the great comedy movies.
What artists have you been listening to lately?
I think western movies are cool
Do you want to go see the new movie Baby Driver? It's getting great reviews.
Do you think the Fast and The Furious is still relevant?
What did you do last night?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
Do you remember the movie Frozen that came out few years ago
You're a musician, right?
Have you seen the movie kingsmen?
hey i saw a deer as i was driving today, and it reminded me of something
I can never watch The Fox and the Hound ever again.
Hi, have you listened to the newest Sia album?
So what is new in the music world for you?
I just watched Die Hard for the first time in years recently.
Saddest movie of all time?
I was just thinking today, what songs do you think have lyrics that really speak to your life and experiences.
Hi, long time no see.  Are you still into that singer, what's her name?
What type of movies do you like?
Have you seen the Lion King?
Did you happen to see Bruce Springsteen live last month?
Do you have any movie insights or unknown star wars trivia?
Have you seen a movie called the Zodiac before?
Hi there, what kind of music have you been listening to lately?
What kind of music do you like?
Who is your favorite character in the Fast & Furious franchise?
Have you seen the last Star Trek movie?
Miley Cyrus is one of my favorites Pop Music Stars
Have The Who wrapped up their final tour yet?
Have you seen Logan?
My son in law likes Adele.
I heard Tribe called Quest just put out an album?
what beatles song do you feel is underappreciated?
What kind of music are you listening to right now?
When I was in high school Disney re-released some of their iconic animated movies.
What do you think of Westbrook?
Sooo I watched the movie "Logan" again last night.
Are you ready for another grand season of football?
I like this movie i am watching
Do you remember There's Something About Mary?
What do you think of the robots R2-D2 in the old trilogy?
Hey you know that song by Jeff Buckley?
Have you seen the latest Harry Potter film?
Have you seen the new movie Get Out?
Do you consider Iggy Azalea a rapper?
A talent for music is obviously inherited. Look at the Marsalis family. Look at Bach.
What do you think about patriotic music?
What movie are you most looking forward to?
Have you seen the movie "Double Jeopardy?"
So, what movie should we go to?
Have you listened to Adele's newest album.
What's the first thing you think of when you hear A Series of Unfortunate Events?
I wish we'd hear more rock on mainstream radio.
Do you like rap music?
Do you listen to Twenty One Pilots?
What is your  favorite disney movie?
Hello! Long time no see!
What are your thoughts on The Beatles?
Who is your favorite Star Wars Heroine
So who is the best QB in the league?
Who was your favorite Beatle?
Hey what "s going on in your neck of the woods?
You know, I think I'm starting to come around to the star wars prequels.
I was in church the other day and heard this new Charlie Wilson song
Hey
What do you think about the Dwaye Allen's chances this season?
Do you think the Rangers will start to dismantle their team?
Have you heard about the new Tupac movie?
Hey did you ever listen to Aerosmith?
Do you like system of a down
Are you ready for some football!!!!!
What are some motivational rap songs that you know of?
So, who are some of your favorite animated male heroes?
What do you think of Nickelback?
What do you think about singers that delve into acting?
Do you remember seeing the latest fast and the furious movie?
I like THE BREAKFAST CLUB the most.
Do you like Angel Haze?
I am loving the new Suffocation album
Have you heard the new Rise Against album?
Hey what's your favorite scary movie?
Paul McCartney of the Beatles wrote a lot of great hits.
Are you still a fan of Nightmare Before Christmas?
My daughters are always watching Zootopia. They really like it a lot.
Who had a bigger climb to fame in your opinion, New Found Glory or Fall Out Boy?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
What do you see the Raptors doing next year?
Have you seen the old Spider Man?
I really think the seahawks could make it if they only got some better defense and coaching.
Did you hear about Drew Brees
Did you ever see Ferris Bueller's Day off?
What did you think of The Babadook?
What is your least favorite Star Wars movie?
Have you seen any Japanese movies before?
What do you think of movies that were based on books?
How many movies are in the Fast series anyway?
So, would you like to hear some Snoop Dogg?
Aerosmith is such a great band.
What do you think of the San Francisco 49ers this season?
Have you ever watched Rocky Horror Picture Show?
What is your favorite song playing on the radio today?
Do you like music by the Beatles?
Do you enjpy the Harry potter movies
Did you see the Cavs/Raptors game last night?
What genre of music has the best lyrics, overall, do you think?
Hoy
Hi there.
Do you know anything about NFL records?
What about the genre of music called "Chicago house"?
Will the Rams do better in Los Angeles this year?
Hey! Did you see the last playoff game between the Penguins and the Capitols?
Who do you think is the best Pop Music performer?
Did you like Deathly Hollows part one or two better, in the Harry Potter franchise?
Hey, what do you think about music?
hey sleepy head,wake up.
Do you like the Raiders?
Have you heard Beth Dittos fake sugar?
What Clint Eastwood movie do you love?
What is your favorite best picture winner?
Did you like the role of Anakin Skywalker?
Hey friend! Who's your favorite actor?
Let's talk about music
Hey what do you think about steroids in football?
Are you a Kevin Smith fan?
Did you see the new Star Wars movie?
What good movies have you seen lately?
i miss the beatles
Hey, only a few more weeks and football season is here. Are you excited?
What do you think of Pavement?
Hey do you like Ice Hockey?
Whats your favorite movie series?
I hear melodies in my head, melodies in my head!
Hey! Are you a fan of Ed Sheeran?
So I had a Harry Potter marathon the other day.
Which of the Beatles is your favorite?
WHich baseball players are your favourite?
Do you like to listen to the Foo Fighters?
I am so excited for the third installment of Pitch Perfect to come out!
did you hear about paul walker?
Have you seen Brad Pitt's new Netflix movie?
Have you heard that new song by Ariana Grande?
I bet you are excited about watching the new NFL season starting in Sept.
Have you seen the movie Moana?
I've been thinking about Robin Williams movies since I found out there is going to be a remake of Jumanji.
Have you seen the Dan Brown films?
Do you like Ace Ventura?
hey do you remember the movies cinderella?
Did you see how well the Warriors play together this year?
Zootopia is still my favorite Disney film.
Hi.
Do you like the artist Jay Z?
I love Carole King.
What version of Batman do you like better...the version with Christian Bale as Batman or the latest version with Ben Affleck as Batman?
do you even watch basketball?
I know you're not a fan of pop music but I really want you to come to a concert with me.
Do you like the new Disney movies?
Well, Peyton Manning's retired. And his team's doing okay.
I cannot stand some characters in star wars
Have you seen frozen?
Who was that blackk guy. Played for the Canadian teams before NFL
Have you seen the new Star Wars movie?
So do you have a favorite rap album?
What's your favorite Disney cartoon?
So did you see Rogue One?
Do you think that the hard cap in the NFL has helped the NFL.
Did you see Finding Dory?
Are you listening to much rap these days?
I'm looking forward to the new Little Mermaid.
So do you have a sleeper team this year?
Did you see the Twins game tonight?
Did you see Beauty and the Beast in theaters?
Do you like the NFL?
Do you like Disney movies?
What do you think about this years playoffs?
Man, I wish the Rockets could pull out this series.
Are you a fan of superhero movies?
Are you into any pop music currently?
What is the last movie you saw in the theater?
John Travolta always seems to do very interesting films.
What's your favorite movie?
Who's your favorite composer?
Which is your favorite Harry Potter movie?
What's your all time favorite comedy?
Who's your favorite Disney movie princess?
Are you a Jonas Brothers fan?
Have you ever been to see a symphony concert?
Have you heard of the group called Alaskan String Band?
Would Dave Grohl have been better served staying Nirvana?
I can't tell you how much I LOVE the Princess Bride.
Did you like the Ghostbusters movie?
Hey, what was the last thriller movie you saw?
Are you fan of Cascada?
Who do you think writes the best lyrics?
What was your favorite part about The Revenge Of The Sith?
Did you see the new beauty and the beast movie?
You know who's under rated in Star Wars?  The Emperor.
who is your favorite hero
Did you see the Peter Pan animated movie?
Hi there.
I just saw Kill Bill on demand.
I just found my collection of Disney movies at my parents house, do you want me to bring some over for the kids?
Lady Gaga's music completely illustrates the sad state of American pop music today.
Did you know that the new movie Finest Hour is a Disney movie?
What is your favorite Russel Crow movie.
I liked how the Princess and the Frog was drawn like most of the other Disney princess movies.
I read an obituary last August about Kenny Baker, who played R2D2 in the Star War movies and had passed away. He seemed like he had a good life.
I am so sick of watching Frozen.
Yo man you see this?
What did you think about 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens?'
What's the best DVD on music that you have seen?
Did you ever see American Psycho with Christian Bale?
Have you seen any good movies recently?
Do you have any bands or albums or songs that changed your life?
Are you going to see The House this month?
Have you seen the movie Brave?
Did you know Doris Day came out with an album a few years ago.
Who are the worst artists of all time?
Do you have an all time favorite comedy?
Did you see that game between Duke and UCLA?
What is your favorite original Star Wars movie?
Have you been watching the playoffs?
My favorite superhero in the Avengers movie is the Hulk.
Have you seen the 49er depth chart this year?
Do you like RIck Ross?
I would love to play some Quidditch.
I saw the new Wonder Woman movie last night.
Who is the coolest band ever?
Why do you hate Science fiction and fantasy movies?
What is your favorite band from California?
Did you see that Faith Evans is touring again?
Do you ever watch older movies?
So, what is your favorite genre.
What's the best Fast and Furious movie?
HOw many SUperbowls did the Cowboys win?
What did you think of the end of Cloverfield Lane?
I cannot believe how bad movies used to be
Do you like rap?
Do you watch disney movies?
What is your favorite music group?
So, what's your favorite sport?
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy?
What song do forget about  but love?
Did you hear the Foo Fighters just announced a new album?
Who do you think makes the best movies in the movie industry?
Do you remember Bad Romance? That was such a great song.
Are you a fan of Cam Newton?
Who do you think are some of the greatest guitarist out there.
Was looking forward to watching the Beltway series today but it got rained out.
How do you think the the movie industry will evolve?
Who do you like better, R2D2 or C3PO?
What is your favorite Disney Movie?
Do you like the packers?
I just heard that a new Descendants thing is coming out.
What's your favorite movie?
Did you watch the Braves game last night?  It went extra innings.
Have you seen Rougue One yet?
Which running backs will have great seasons in the NFL in 2017?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Do you like rap music?
there is this song i can't find the tittle to
I can't believe they are releasing another Toy Story.
So did you ever listen to Bon Jovi?
Hi
What your favorite rock group man?
What's your all time favorite song?
I saw a Vin Diesel movie the other day and now I can't remember what it was.
I'm doing some research for a film class, can you help me?
Can you help me identify the rapper who sings these lyrics? The lyrics are "house real big, car so big, etc."
Which do you prefer, old Incubus or new Incubus.
Want to go to the movies?
Hi.
Do you have a favorite comedy movie?
What do you think of Hut's I think they're called in Star Wars?
Have you seen Captain America?
What do you think about the new celebration rules?
Tell me something about the Beatles that you thought was questionable, or very different about their music.
What are your favorite music videos?
Have you heard of the musical group, Gojira?
On the Top 10 list recently, I noticed Justin Bieber's song Let me Love You is number 1.
My husband and I were talking about movies to watch last night.
Do you think the Patriots will win the superbowl again this year?
I just went to see The Wedding Plan.
I love how the rock got involved with these movies
We watched a great comedy last night.
I don't know about the latest game.
do you like radiohead
What do you think about Lady Gaga's album 'Joanne'?
Seems weird, the whole concept of Horcruxes.
What are your thoughs on the Beattles?
Are you into Lady Gaga at all?
Snape was the best character by far in Harry Potter.
So, tell me who is your favorite pop music artist?
Did the Raiders ever win a Super Bowl?
Okay, we did Toby Keith. So let's do top five favorite Garth Brooks song now.
Hi.
I hate when this happens
Do you like the star waes franchise
Did you ever see Wanted?
Have you heard Paramore's new album, After Laughter?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Hey! What's your favorite movie?
I just watched Mulan for the first time since I was a kid.
Have you seen the latest Alien movie?
How many films are there in the star wars series?
George Harrison was my favorite Beatle.
What's your favorite heavy metal band?
Which sport do you think is the most popular in America?
What did you think of the newest Kendrick Lamar album?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's duets with Tony Bennett?
Hey, who are some of your favorite pop artists?
I enjoupyes the Goblet of Fire
I hate waiting on the NFL to return!
Just 3 weeks until NFL training camps open.
Do you like Jimi Hendrix?
Hows things?
OK, I just don't get this.  If Yoda is in tune with the Force and can see the future, why does he not see that Anakin Skywalker is working for the Smith Lord?
The Warriors and Cavs sure are dominating the playoffs so far.
Do you like Pitbull?
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new song?
What was the name of Ringo Starr's band?
I love how magical this movie series is
Hey do you like pop music?
What's your favorite movie series?
Wow, you really like Bob Dylan, huh?
Man I am pumped for this upcoming season.
How good is Jay Z
Have you seen any good movies lately?
I watched a fun movie last night.
Yo you seen the new fast and furious movie?
Do you like those fashions, that minic years past?
What is your favorite alternative rock band that has now broken up?
Have you ever seen 10 Cloverfield Lane?
The Cowboys offensive line is incredible.
Do you think any teams that didn't make the playoffs will this year?
Have you ever been to a concert?
Have you seen the Disney movie Moana yet?
Will a Deion Sanders kind of player ever show up again?
Do you like Frankie Valli?
Since you love the Sgt.Pepper cover,than who are your favority celebrities on it?
Hey.
Who is your favorite character in Guardians of the Galaxy 2?
What did you think of The Prisoner of Azkaban?
I'm so glad we're doing a Star Wars movie night!
When are they going to come out with a new Indiana Jones movie?
I'm going out on a date tonight, what movie would you recommend?
Do you remember when the original Home Alone movie came out?
You know who you don't hear a lot these days about but you used to be real popular?
Have you seen the latest Netflix Original movie?
Did you ever see Rear Window?
Did you like Beauty and the Beast?
Are you a Bon Iver fan?
What's you favorite holiday movie?
Do you think that we could put on some music?
Did you have a chance to see The Conjuring yet?
I think I want to dress up as one of the Disney Princesses for Halloween.
Hey! Doesn't the NFL pre-season start soon?
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast?
What deceased musician do you wish you would have gotten the chance to see live?
Have you seen Beauty and the Beast?
Are you a Braves fan?
What's your favorite rock band? Mine is Nine Inch Nails.
Hey
Oo girl I like your skirt!
Is High Tension very thrilling?
Have you seen the movie "Saw"?
what do you think about Lady Gaga?
What's your favorite Disney movie of all times??
Do you like The Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Do you like 90's music?
do you like yoda?
Hi! What kind of movies do you like?
What do you think about the Bills firing Rex Ryan?
Who was the creepiest Disney villain?
Do you like music?
I been watching this good thriller movie its interesting
Who is your favorite female superhero?
Would you like to come over and spend the day with me?
Hi.
Oh my God, it's October and they're playing CHRISTMAS MUSIC already.
Which Beatles album do you like best?
Did you see the new movie Moana?
CAN'T WAIT FOR FOOTBALL TO START AND I DON'T MEAN PRESEASON!
i watched fox and the hound again today.
Did you like the music from The Revenge of the Jedi?
What do you think of that new Adele Song?
So what's the deal with K-pop?
Did you see the new Cinderella movie?
Do you like watching football more at the stadium or at home?
What part of Star Wars made you sad?
What is your most favorite kind of music?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
You now what kind of movie I want to make?
Were you ever a fan of R Kelly?
You know what one of my go to movies is?
Hey, what do you think of Queen?
Who was the actor that played Obi-Wan in A New Hope?
Whats the worst song you've ever heard in your life?
Oh just sixety more days till pre-season football starts
Did you prefer the first monsters inc or the second one?
Did you see Lady Gaga's Superbowl performance this past year?
Have you heard about Lady Gaga's song The Cure?
I was humming that song to "The Lion King" this morning.
Have you heard of Maren Morris?
You know what the new Star Wars movies need?
Will the Yankees ever be good again
So, have you seen any good horror movies recently?
Who is the best quarterback?
what's your favorite pop singer?
Have you seen tangled?
I miss old stuff
Were you a fan of Quiet Riot?
Have you seen a good movie lately?
Do you like Gwen Stefani.
Have you heard the new song by Future and Chris Brown?
Hey
Hi.
I'm really glad we decided to watch Rushmore tonight.
I think Tupac is the best rapper of all time.
What happened to Vanilla Ice?
Hey so what kinds of movies are you into?
What are some rock bands you don't really like?
You know Micheal Keaton is coming back to Comic movies.
What do you think of Yoko Ono, the musician that supposedly broke up the Beatles?
How do you think the Saints will do this year?
One of the great things about Star Wars is that they manage so many fantastical aliens.
The Miami Marlins might as well stop playing baseball.
Have you ever seen Salem's Lot?
Do you like pop music?
I've read that the Cowboys could be in for a slump this year.
Ok so... those are the scales Debussy used, Why are we talking about Debussy anyway?
Whats your take on the music in Star Wars?
What do you think of them redoing IT?
What do you think of the baseball season so far?
Hello.
Are going to Depeche mode?
Did you like D12
I saw Harold and Maude the other day.
Hey Bro, Whats up? I haven't seen you in a long time!
I love rock music!  I would love to live in a little pink house by John Mellencamp.
Do you want to go see Brad Paisley with me?
I just watched an interesting indie movie.
Whatever happened to rock music? Sometimes I think U2 is the only rock band left.
Have you ever been to an NFL game?
New music is so bad
Have you seen the latest Star Wars film?
Hey man. Have you heard of Cool-J?
So who do you think is the most underrated country music band?
I like your shoes.
What was your favorite thriller movie?
I'm not sure I'm down with the new Star Wars plot.
Do you remember when the first Star Wars movie came out?
Have you seen a good horror movie lately?
do you think pete rose should be allowed in the hall of fame
Do you watch the NFL?
Hey who is your team this year?
Hi.
What's up dude?
I wonder who invented rock
What do you want to talk about?
Today I saw the movie "Insidious" it was really scary., have you seen that movie?
Heard any good music lately?
What is your favorite genre of music?
Look at this awesome scarf! It's leopard print and supr soft.
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet.
i don't cry much watching a movie, you know.
Hey, you a Star Wars fan?
what 80s song do you love?
Do you want to watch some NFL this weekend?
I want to develop a new form of art. I want to create a major for it at school.
What happened to Mariah Carey?
Are you a fan of Lady Gaga?
What was the best Lord of the Rings movie?
Do you like the song "In My Life"?
So how did you hear about Lady Gaga's most recent album?
Do you watch the Fox pregame show?
carly rae is so good
What do you think about the movie Mary Poppins?
So do you think that the Browns have any chance of ending the season at .500?
What are your thoughts on the shinning?
Have you seen The Fate of the Furious?
So what kind of movies do you like other than action and comedy?  Do you like horror?
It might sound weird but what is your favorite Disney Movie?
What is the first movie you ever watched?
Who do you think is the greatest artist of all time?
Who is your favorite team?
Hey what do you think of Ariana Grande?
Lets talk about music
Have you ever watched Forest Gump?
What did you think of the Fast and the Furious movies?
Have you ever seen The Notebook
What are you watching movie wise on netflix lately?
I cant wait for football season to start
i wasted my money attending that show
I was looking through some movies on line wondering what to watch when I came across Killer Klown from  Outer Space.
Do you listen to the Beatles ever?
Have you seen that new game, Bean Boozled?
Hey you like Lady Gaga?
I saw The Hunchback of Notre Dame animated movie last night.
Did you like Lady Gaga's last album
Do you remember Joe Theisman?
I went to the game last night.
You remember the Stone Roses?
Who do you think will win the NFC East this year?
What do you think of modern pop music?
I just finished cleaning my house.
How many albums has Lady Gaga put out.
I have the worst co-worker at my workplace.
Have you ever listened to Ben Folds?
Have you seen Gone Girl?
Have you seen any good music concerts lately?
What vampire movie stands out the most to you?
I think Han Solo is very cool
That was a great movie, wasn't it?
Have you heard any news on the Broncos new quarterback
What do you think about Sia?
I feel like some of the Disney movies lately are hit or miss. What about you?
Do you know a lot about baseball?
Would you consider Get Out a horror movie?
Remember the end of the STAR WARS original movie.
Do you know what kind of sandals will be trendy this year?
Are you a fan of rap or hip hop?
Have you watched any good movies lately?
Hi.
So I have an assignment for my history class that I am hoping you can help with.
Have you heard the new album from the Weeknd?
Hey what was that movie with the that man that was raised by monkeys ?
Do you like any rock bands like Foghat or Led Zepplin?
Do you enjoy movies by Terrence Malick?
What do you feel like watching tonight?
Remeber music in the 90's?
Where would Foo Fighters be without Cobain's suicide?
Who do you think was better, Biggie or Tupac?
Do you ever listen to Gospel music?
What happened to the Kansas City Royals?
Have you ever seen any horror movies starring Jamie Lee Curtis?
Who was the baddest bad guy in Star Wars?
Do you like the Pro Bowl?
I am on a big power metal trip lately.
I just saw The Others.
Did you watch the Pirates almost have a no hitter thrown against them the other night?
Did you see the new star wars movie?
How tall do you think Lady Gaga is?
How about the lions?
Who is the best NLF team this year?
I saw the movie Split recently.
Do you like Pete Townsend?
You like Scary movie two
Alot of early Rock music came out of Memphis.
Did you see the Dirty Dancing remake on tv last night?
you going to the salt and pepper concert
So I'm looking to add some songs to my workout playlist, any suggestions?
Those sunglasses the rapper Pitbull made famous are still popular. It's amazing.
I heard Taylor Swift is real mean in real life.
Who is your favorite non-Jedi or Sith character in all the Star Wars movies?
I saw Woman in Black yesterday.
How about that Andy Dalton?
Do you like old dominion
Hey do you like movies based on books?
Do you like any songs by Guns and Roses?
So have you heard heard Miley Cyrus's new single yet?
Ryan Shaizer can only get better from here, guys! Go Steelers!
What kind of drugs is Disney currently on?
I went to Walmart yesterday and bought a cute outfit.
Have you seen the movie Dead Silence?
Hey do you play any sports?
Why do you think Mace Windu was able to best Darth Sidious in the lightsaber battle in Revenge Of The Sith?
what's up with your boy kaepernick?
Hey!, are you a Zappa fan?
Did you see Miley Cyrus' dress at the MTV awards?
Have you seen Alien: Covenant yet?
It is universally acknowledged that "The Empire Strikes Back" is the best Star Wars movie.  Do you agree?
Have you ever seen Zombielane?
Are you at all a fan of Metallica's self-titled album?
What movie do you reel like watching?
What is it about country music?
What did you think of the draft for the NFC east teams?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
they customer care takes like forever to pick up
Do you like Maroon 5?
Hello my friend
Hey, man?
WHat do you like as far as music is concerned
Do you enjoy watching NFL football games?
What are your thoughts on the Rolling Stones?
Have you seen any Disney movies recently?
Have you seen 'Paranormal Activity'?
Whats your favorite Lady Gaga song?
I just watched the last two Harry Potter movies.
Hey, can you play Beatles songs on your guitar?
Do you like fantasy football
Do you like Kane Brown?
Lets talk about football
Awesome road trip so far. Let's turn on some music.
I love the Shining. It's my favorite horror movie.
That scene with the truck though in the movie is amazing
Spider-Man: Homecoming is coming out soon. It looks good.
What is your favorite type of music?
Are you a fan of X-Men movies?
So what if you could only pick ten albums for the desert island -- what would they be?
What is the best game you ever played?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
My boyfriend wants to take me out to the movies. What's showing in cinemas right now?
Did you see the new Wonderwoman movie that just came out?
Was that street race intense in part 1?
Have you seen the movie Total Recall?
I bet I know more about superbowl championships than you do.
In the disney movie Cinderlla, do you know the names of her two step sisters?
Who's your favorite musician?
Will any pitcher come near Nolan Ryan's record for no hitters?
Have you ever listened to the Fame Kingdom?
What is the first Beatle song you remember hearing?
Are you one of those who is mad that the star of Mad Max wasn't Max?
What is your least favorite Gaga song?
Did you hear The Spice Girls are reuniting?
Looks like rain all day
Whats your favorite team
Frank Zappa is really famous.
What is your favorite type of music?
Do you like bat man?
What is your favorite Tarrentino film?
Did you see Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
Do you like AC/DC?
Have you seen that Matt Damon movie? The one where he's not what he appears to be?
Hey are you ready for the next football season? Are you playing fantasy football?
The Patriots, cheaters or not?
What do you think will be the hottest trend of the summer?
I've been listening to a lot of Goo Goo Dolls lately.
There was a movie I saw called "Squirm", it was about all these worms hurting people.
The Reds are officially in a slump right now.
Do the Stones still tour.
Do you like Odell Beckham Jr?
I'm bored. Let's go see a show.
Did you have any problems with Finding Dory?
I don't think disney wants to admit that cars 2 was a thing.
I am so sad
Do you like Star War movies?
What is your favorite song from Yellow Submarine?
What was your favorite horror movie that came out last year?
Have you seen Gladiator?
Have you heard about the music festival coming to Pennsylvania?
Did you see the new Liev Schreiber movie?
Did you see Cars 3 yet?
Do you listen to Modest Mouse?
Have you seen the new Beauty and The Beast yet?
Did you know that the girl from Clerks died?
I saw Rear Window last night.
Did you like Lethal Weapon or Die Hard more?
Do you like Disney's Little Mermaid movie?
Which Beatles voice do you like best?
What was your favorite era of horror films?
Are you excited for Cars 3?
Who is the best center fielder of all time?
Do you like newer or older rock bands?
Do you like 80s music?
Where was the Superbowl held this year?
Did you see the live action Beauty and the Beast?
What do you think about the new Eminem song?
What thriller did you feel could have been better?
Did you hear about the new fashion for men?
What was the name of Clint Eastwoods thriller movie in the seventies?
Do you consider Pixar movies the same as Disney movies?
Have you heard of deadmau5?
DO YOU NO A SINGER NAME SHIRLEY CAESAR?
Hey do you think of that Disney movie snow white?
Who's your favorite NFL quarterback?
I'm really starting to enjoy making my own music.
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Was The Force Awakens any good?
Any good superhero movies coming out this weekend?
What did you think of the movie American Sniper?
Hey do you like the Beatles?
Have you ever seen Zodiac?
Do you like Disney movies?
The original trilogy is the only Star Wars canon, hands down!
Hi.
You know what I find amazing about the music business?
Do young people still listen to the Beatles?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Today I heard that the art Sleeping Beauty was based on old tapestries.
what do you think about the theory that rey is obi wan's daughter?
Hey if you started a band what kind of music would you sing?
What's your favorite movie?
Are you going to be hosting NFL Sunday parties again this year ?
How do you like the last Disney Movie?
You like the blues?
do you like computer animated movie? yes, specially kids one.
I have Comcast cable tv, and I love their OnDemand where you can watch all kinds of tv shows and movies for free.
Son"ja is the best artist in the world.
I did not know Robert Downey Jr. was in a few thriller movies.
alice in wonderland is a classic movie, so full of wonder
who do you wanna see in concert?
Are you excited about football season?
Who are your picks for some of the best bands of the 1970s?
So what did you think of Attack of the Clones?
What disney movie has the best setting or location?
Were you ever into Whitney Houston?
Do you like Lady Gaga's recent music?
Do you know anything about the music of the 1400's?
Anither wide receiver for the Bengals. Why?
What did you think of Captain America: Civil War?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Listen. I have some problems with the potter movies
So how much or little did you like the prequels?
Was Happy Gilmore the best comedy of the 90s?
I think Lebron is better and Jordan was.
I haven't doen any dribbling in forever.
Have you see Shane?
hi, what kind of music to do you listen to?
Who would you choose between Dr. Dre and Eminem?
Man i wonder how many of those people get hurt
Wha upcoming movies are you exited to see?
I love the movie Sucker Punch.
What old country stars do you like?
How do you like Beyonce?
What are your thoughts about the NFC East this year?
Do you like listening to Tool?
Have you seen the movie Hardball?
I just learned Beyonce was influenced musically by Motown's Diana Ross and the Supremes.
Have you ever seen The Godfather?
What is your favorite movie from the 80's
Are you ready for some good old hard-hitting football?
Did you watch The Lion King when you were younger?
So, are you a fan of King Crimson?
Man I still cannot believe him
What kind of music do you like?
So, with The Last Jedi coming out this Christmas, do you think Luke's gonna die?
Who do you think wins the NL Central this year?
Hey, how's it going?
What did you think about 'Joanne?'
What Disney villain scares you the most?
Football season's starting soon.
I just thought of something funny that could have happened in Episode VII.
What is your favorite, newer, Disney movie?
Hey, you planning to go to any concerts this summer?
Hi.
Do you know if theres going to be an Ant-Man sequel? I really liked that movie.
Did you watch the NFL draft closely?
Who would you say is the best rock band of all time?
So you like Avenged Sevenfold, right?
Have you seen the movie About Time?
You should totally see this new movie called "Keanu".
I am exciting about football season this year .
Do you have a favorite rap artist?
I love the movie Ratatouille.
East Coast or West Coast? Who you got?
Do you like any Hip Hop or R&B music?
Have you seen SUPER BASS by Nicki Minaj?
I just put the movie House of 1,000 Corpses on last night.
What are the top three worst ever movies you've seen, and why?
Did I tell you that I am going to a Linkin Park concert?
Smashed was a really good movie. It's a smart indie movie but it's really well done.
When does football season start?
Have you seen the second Guardians of the Galaxy?
To me, it was like The Beatles changed everthing. They picked rock up and shook it, and put it down somewhere else.
What do you think of the Pixies?
Let's talk about The Force Awakens. Where does it fit?
Hi.
What is your favorite comedy t.v. show?
I am keen on the main actor for the fast and furious series
Have you seen the new james bond movie yet?
What was the worst movie for you of last year?
Do you like Gospel music ?
I am watching this movie right now and it is quite horrible
What's your favorite NFL team for the coming season?
Who do you think is the best songwriter out right now?
Do you have a favorite Harry Potter movie?
I just listened to The Beatles on my iPod...their music is so great!
Hey, did you see that GaGa did Teeth at Coachella?
what do you think of hurt
Did you watch the 76ers last night?
"Music - is a gift from God". Interesting quote.
Are you ready for the start of the season?
Did you see the game between the Giants and Mets yesterday?
Have you seen any of the Harry Potter movies?
Do you think Beyoncé is one of the top pop artists today?
Do you like her most recent album, "Joanne"?
Hey, are you looking forward to football this fall?
Do you like John Mellencamp?
Have you seen any decnet movies lately?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Who do you think is a better actor, Colin Farrell or Jack Nicholson?
You know I used to work in a video store right?
Hey - I can't wait for the new NFL Season - how about you?
What is your favorite music genre?
do you know death grips
what was the most shaping 80s movie you saw when younger?
Did you see the Phantom Menace?
Do you like Jim Carey?
Do you know who Woody Guthrie was?
I wonder if Fergie is ever going to release a solo album again.
Do you like Rob Gronkowski?
Hey there
Remember Natalie Imbruglia's Torn?
Who was your favorite teacher?
Did you see that the Sabres hired a new GM?
The Vikings will be giving away free tickets to the first ones to arrive to the stadium next week
Can you recommend me a good Beatles song?
So have you seen that last Harry Potter movie yet?
Did you know Lady Gaga once was the opener for Backstreet Boys?
Do you like star wars movies?
What kind of music have you been into lately?
Did you watch the game between the Celtics and Wizards last night?
I have so many favorite rap albums.
I just saw the new pirates movie.
Okay, yes, Gal Gadot needs to have a resurrection or whatever they do that brings back supposedly killed off characters!
I have a question about The Empire Strikes back.
How would you say Madonna's career arc has gone?
What is your favorite Harry Potter film?
So football season is almost upon us once again.
What musician do you think is underrated?
Did you see they are making a Avatar sequel.
I love watching good clean family movies that my daughter can watch, do you know of any?
Were you a Twilight fan?
Cars 3 is finally in theaters. Are you going to see it?
Who do you think will win the Spurs Rockets game tonight?
I havent heard anything new from Justin Bieber.
Hi there.
Do you remember Biggee?
Do you like the comedy movie Baywatch?
Have you been keeping up with cavs they did amazing against the celtics.
Where is Ariel from?
What was your favorite decade for pop music?
I like Sleeping Beauty a lot.  Aurora is my favorite heroine of the Disney films.
Were the Cleveland Indians once an NFL team?
Did you see CC Sabathia's last start? He was lights out.
Do you like any of the Harry Potter movies?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
Are you a fan of the Disney movie 101 Dalmations?
Who's your favorite member of Migos?
Which Star Wars movie was your least favorite?
I loved watching Disney movies when I was younger.
Have you seen any good movies lately?
So what is your prediction for the Super Bowl this year?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
You've seriously never heard of Public Enemy?
what was your favorite star wars battle?
The Mighty Ducks made me want to play hockey
Are you excited about football season?
What do you want to see out of the NFL in 2017?
The bases are loaded.
Have you been watching the NBA Playoffs?
Hi, how are you?
What does that even mean
Who is your favorite to win the finals this year?
Have you seen the new live action Beauty and the Beast movie?
Have you seen any good German films? We're doing a German movie night for the cultural club.
Do you ever listen to Big Band/Swing music?
When did movies get really good for you?
did you like clerks
Hi there how are you today?
Who are your favorite non-main characters in Disney movies?
Do you ever listen to The Beatles?
What's up, who are you listening to?
Sia or Adele?
Hey, have you ever heard of the movioe Loose Cannons?
Have you seen Seven?
If you could meet any artist, who would it be?
Do you know anything about folk music?
When I was in middle school I had a big emo and scene phase...
Hey
Were you ever into the Back to the Future movies?
Who was the best Star Wars villain?
Hi.
101 Dalmations was a good movie
I loved when lady gaga recorded that album with Tony Bennet
Do you like the Alien movie franchise?
Did you ever see Zootopia?
What was your least favorite Star Wars?
hey did you watch the new finding nemo movie?
Can you believe Gaga ever had a weight issue?
Has anyone seen the new Transformers movie yet?
I like that new movie that came out this year
What race is Chewbacca?
I need to get netflix or something
What are your thoughts on the kids movie The Secret Life of Pets?
Hey.
Get Out was such a good thriller.
Have you ever heard of Pete Wentz?
What's your favorite genre of movies?
I haven't seen any movies in ages.
I finally watched 10 Cloverfield lane!
Isn't it crazy how much Disney has grown in the past 10 years or so?
What do you think of Michael Jackson?
Do you like Aphrodite's Child?
Have you ever seen that movie "Coming to America"?
So what gives with the twins kissing?
Have been watching the Celtics Wizards series
What is your favorite comedy movie?
Wow! The NBA playoffs are sure strange this year.
What is your favorite Beatles album?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Beach Boys, yes or no?
Only sixty three days.
What do you think about the hob goblin?
What was the last thriller movie you've seen?
Which Jurassic movie was your favorite?
I wonder what their next album is gonna be like
What is your favorite genre of movies?
Have you ever seen The Godfather?
You want to come see a flick?
What kinds of music do you listen to?
Do you like Eminem?
What's your favorite 70s band?
Hey did you know that Cars 3 is already in theaters now?
Do you listent to rap music?
I am super glad to have discovered the band White Reaper.
I miss Whitney Houston.
John Belushi was a great comedian,but what do you think of him as,an actor?
You about ready for nfl football?
What's your take on the new Star Wars trailer?
Hey, what's going on?
Lets talk about the beatles
Hey, NFL Training Camp starts in a few weeks.
Arnold Schwazernager, fan?
Did you see the Predator against the Ducks game yesterday?
So what color lightsaber is the best?
How do you think the Beatles got their name.
Hey there
What are your thoughts regarding the BET Music Awards?
What do you think about Zootopia?
What is your favorite kind of music?
Do you listen to any Chicago rappers?
Do you like any Adam Sandler movies?
Who'd be your favorite Canadian band?
Hey you want to go see a movie?
Do you ever listen to classical music.
I just saw Superbowl XXXVIII on replay.
What is your favorite genre of music?
I like Samuel L. Jackson
Did you ever see that movie called Morgan?
What would you say is the most beautiful song of all time?
What movie are you looking forward to?
What do you think was Roman Pierce's best line in 2 fast 2 furious?
Hi, what's your favorite music
Who would you say are some of the earliest "legends" and "forefathers" of rap?
Did you see the match between the Houston Rockets and the San Antonio Spurs last night?
Guess what I just found out?
What do you think of the Star Wars Franchise as a whole?
Have you ever seen 50 First Dates?
I need a good horror movie to watch; can you recommend anything new?
Did you hear the Lakers fired Mitch Kupchak?
They are a very good UK band.
Maleficent was such an amazing story
What did you think about the horcruxes in Harry Potter?
Hey
So, did you see Batman V Superman Dawn of Justice.
Are you ready for some football?
Lady Gaga is one of my favorite musicians of all time
I want to go to the movie theater but I'm not sure what to see.
DId you ever think that you would see those two acting in a movie of this caliber together?
have you watched fate of the furious?
What movie does everybody love, but you hate?
Know what I love about foreign hip hop?
Do you think kids today like music from the seventies and eighties?
Did you see that the Spurs lost to the Rockets?
princess leia is a modern feminist icon
Do you have any Beatles albums?
I'm pretty sure Voldemort has some nice qualities to him.
Do we have to listen to pop? I hate all this auto tune.
Hey, what NFL team do you think will win it all this season?
Who is your favorite pop artist?
I think the last two harry potter movies were the worst
Who do you think will win the Stanley Cup this year? Is your team still in the playoffs?
How have you been doing lately?
Has anyone heard the newest Nine Inch Nails album?
How are your Bengals looking this season, man?
What do you think about Garth Brooks?
Hey did you see the latest XXX movie?
Do you think Rogue One was as good as the other Star Wars movies?
Hey have you seen the great wall.
Do you like Ed Sheeran?
What does NFL stand for?
What do you think of classical music?
I love The Force Awakens, but it left me with so many questions?
Have you seen any films lately?
What did you think of the Minions movie?
What do you think about the new Emoji movie?
I am so ready for NFL to start back up.
I wish I could see Pink Floyd live some time.
Why does Ron's whole family have red hair.
Did you hear the new DJ Khaled song?
Do you follow Hockey?
I'm listening to the Beatles!
I heard a song on the radio the other day but can't figure out who it was by.
two more weeks until training camp.
What types of music do you enjoy?
Did you see the Golden State Warriors game on Saturday?
Aln Rickman is an amazing actor.
Do you like to listen to The Beatles?
Do you have a favorite song currently?
Which team are you rooting for in the upcoming football season?
Hey, a good friend of mine is going to be playing a gig in Ocean Beach.
Do you think Owen and Deckard Shaw will return for the next Fast and Furious?
have you seen the spongebob movie?
Did you ever hear of the movie On Borrowed TIme?
Was Role Models Paul Rudd's finest work?
Did you ever listen to Snoop Dogg's music at all?
Do you think Tom Cruise movies are any good?
Yea, they may be going down this year.
What are some good, upbeat songs?  You know, stuff that'll put you in a godo mood?
Can you believe the fans booed KD?
Hey what do you think about dub step?
The Descendants was a good movie I like the music
Thursday Night Football. Necessary?
How did you like Wonder Woman?
Are you a Marvel or DC fan?
Ever heard of the Backstreet Boys?
Have you seen fist fight?
Guess the song.
I just read that Disney is making another The Incredibles Movie.
Will you help me paint my living room?
What rock band are you listening to nowadays?
Do you like Star Wars movies?
Okay, so what's another example of one of your famous "Good BAD films" that you like so much?
must be hard being a bills fan
Did you see Cars 3?
Does Korn still make music?
I saw Star Wars episode 1 on TV last night, I can not believe the first episode came out in the 1970"s.
Did you see that there is a remake of Baywatch coming out?
Who do you think is going to win the NFC this year?
Since Twin Peaks is being revived, I decided to go back and watch the Twin Peaks movie, Fire Walk with Me.
I know it is not a big one, but I always loved Oliver and Company.
Did you see the game between Purdue and Kansas?
Did you see Toy Story when you were younger?
what artist has put out the most awkward song or video?
Will the league go to 18 games?
Did you see Deadpool?
I figured for our Saturday movie marathon we'd watch some Mel Brooks comedys.
Have you heard the latest from Lady Gaga?
Who played the best Spiderman?
What music genre have you been into lately?
Think they'll make a Super Girl movie?
What is your favorite comedy?
So, seen any good films lately?
Do you like rap music?
Have you seen the movie "The Heat"?
What do you think about pop music?
Do you like rap music?
At this point, we've all heard "Shape of You" a thousand times, but what do you think of the rest of Ed Sheeran's album?
You have seen Logan correct?
Have you seen any of the Fast and Furious movies?
Finding Dory is better than Finding Nemo.
I can't wait for the new Star Wars!
I used to think I'd always be aware of the most recent music, but I'm not. I still like older songs.
Favorite Liam Neeson film?
Have you seen the live action remake of Beauty and the Beast?
I don't understand the music the younger generation is listening to.
Can you name some good 90's movies?
Well several disney movies  just feel like filler
I'm so glad I grew up listening to ska.
I want to talk about music
I can't wait to see the new Star Wars movie.
I love about every movie that Disney puts out
Have you seen the Queen of Katwe yet from Disney?
What are you doing this weekend?
I need to create a playlist of women singers. Can you help me?
I just saw Sleepless Night.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Do you think Rey is a Skywalker?
You're Pennsylvania Dutch, right?
What is your favorite Al Pacino movie?
Hi.
Do you know the movie Alice in Wonderland?
What do you consider the top live albums of all time?
Did you ever see 127 Hours?
Alright, let's switch gears and talk about covers you HATE.
indie pop is so much better than radio pop
What is your favorite comedy movie?
It's a really good project.
What do you think of all these kid stars becoming pop stars?
I just saw Dr. Strange and I loved it.
Who do you think was the best rock band ever?
What do you think of the Chicago Bears' chances this year?
Have you seen Dawn of the Dead?
Hey Steve, you seem to know a lot about baseball. Care to see how much you know?
What was your favorite Darth Vader moment?
I listen to music everyday.
How do you thing the Saints are going to do next season?
what kind of music do you listen to?
This party is boring. Put on some tunes!
have you seen the belch experiment?
What rock band has a great drummer?
What did you think of BB8? In the new Star Wars films?
Are there any new girl rappers you'e been listening to?
Did you like that Justin Timberlake song from Trolls?
Do you like rap music?
Hi.
Have you seen any of the Cube movies?
I just saw Boss Baby.
You know who was an ultimate classic and gone too soon?
Do you like the Wizard of Oz?
Do you like Star Trek movies?
Who do you think is the best quarterback in the NFL right now?
This should be very exciting. Don't you think?
I saw Bambi the other day.
Do you know where event Lady Gaga wore a dress made from raw beef, now known as the meat dress?
Have you seen any horror movies lately?
Is Adam Sandler the funniest comedian of all time?
Hey are you a big fan of football?
Which Star Wars movie is your favorite?
Are the righteous brothers really brothers?
Hey do you like the beatles?
Hank Williams is singing the intro to NFL Monday night football again!
Have you seen the animated movie Tarzan?
Are you going to see the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
The cubs have lost 7 out of their last 10 games
Which Wishmaster is the best?
Star Wars, the original, had a lot of ground-breaking special effects.
I have an unpopular opinion about the Beatles.
Do you like florida georgia line!
Was Public Enemy monumental in changing rap?
Did you hear Iggy Azalea's new song SWITCH?
I have a paper to write about the best movies of all time
So I just watched a Nightmare on Elm Street movie-
Do you remember that band called Nightwish?
Have you seen all the trailers for the new Mummy movie?
Have you watched Berlin Syndrome?
Let's talk about the mostly forgotten music genre known as "bubble gum" music.
What do you think about the band Hole?
Did you watch a good movie last weekend?
I'm a proud Latinx. Since I'm not black, I always think there is no place for me in rap music.
Dude, this new track is sick.
I'm glad the British Invasion happened.
Did you hear that MLB has an agreement with Facebook to allow Facebook to broadcast a game ever Friday, with no blackouts?
Is Crimson Peak a horror movie or something else?
I hope they give Snoke a good backstory and motivation, Star Wars movies aren't always good at that.
What is your favorite pop artist
Have you seen the series "All or Nothing" about the Los Angels Rams?
I've decided on my dream job.
Hey did you see Jason Bourne that came out 2016?
Hey, do you watch NFL football?
I'm thinking of going to see a movie this weekend.
Kenny have you heard the news?
So do you like Star Wars?
Hey, man. Ready for this upcoming NFL season?
Do you remember Clint Black?
Do you like Lady Gaga's newer stuff?
I like how catchy pop is
I hate that i have to drive down to my aunts house tomorrow.
What do you think was the worst thing about the Star Wars prequels?
How much do you know about lady gaga?
I miss when music was as good as it was when the Beatles were making music.
Do you like action films?
Are you a Jim Carrey fan?
Hey man
Who do you think was the best Disney villain?
Do you like heavy metal music?
Have you seen The Babadook?
What was the first movie you ever saw in a theatre?
What do you think of the Star Wars prequels.
I am digging 300!
Okay, I have a tough question for you about music.
Yo, what do you think about the Eagles chances this year?
Has Eminem put anything new out lately?
My wife bought home "Clown" on DVD yesterday.
Did you like adam driver as kylo ren?
Do you like the Ironman franchise?
Remember that one artist from the 90's that was super popular?
I have always been a music lover.
What do you think are some up and coming teams this year in the NFL?
Do you like the original star wars or newer star wars movies better?
What teams do you think will be in the Superbowl this upcoming season?
What do you think about Lady Gaga?
So, you know what's really a good action movie?  Hot Fuzz.
Isn't it great that the Beatles just reissued Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band?
Have you see Land of the Dead?
Hey, do you know when the NFL season starts?
Do you like the artist Sia?
I just introduced my kids to Homeward Bound.
What do you think about the Texas football teams
Have you heard Eminem's Rap God song?
Have you seen Rogue One in the movies?
Did you ever hear Telephone by Lady Gaga?
I think that job interview went well.
Do you know who the best-selling pop music artist of all time is?
I've never seen a thriller movie before!
Have you ever heard of the band the Arctic Monkeys?
What do you think of the Cowboy's chances this year?
What do you think about rock music?
What's the last Angelina Jolie movie you watched?
Do you think Star Wars was ahead of it's time for having such a strong Female protagonist?
Have you seen It Follows?
Do you think that Grime will ever be a big subgenre in America?
Have I mentioned that 'The Prestige' is my favorite movie?
Hey.
Did you watch Frozen
Do you like the Drop Kick Murphies?
I am a big fan of Tom Petty.
We're looking for music to play during the school assembly. Do you have any suggestions?
What did you think of the new Nemo movie.
What was the name of that movie with the guy in the mask
Have you ever seen the movie, Borat?
Do you know why living in Liverpool, England was a big benefit for the Beatles.
Have you seen any Disney movies recently?
So let me ask you, which conference do you think is stronger: AFC or NFC?
Do you think the Beatles are the greatest band ever?
What was your favorite Disney movie?
I loved Shutter Island
Have you seen the movie Split?
How hard do you think it would be to rap about the Eiffel Tower?
What's up with Taylor Swift these days?
One of the funniest movies was on TNT last night.
Did you ever see Andromeda Strain?
Eminem is probably one of the best rappers of all time
Have you seen John Wick 2
Hey do you like Gemini?
What is your favorite comedy?
Did you know Abbey Road was the last album recorded by the Beatles?
It's almost August! You know what that means!
Man, I can't wait for this NFL season to start.
Did you enjoy The Phantom Menace?
Who is your favorite Disney princess?
Music has come a long way in the last 20 years.
Do you like disney movies?
Do you like Metallica?
Who'd win in a fight, Jason or Feddy?
Have you ever seen the movie identity?
Have you seen Office Christmas Party?
Have you seen the movie Fast and Furious?
Do you you like the red hot chile peppers
What are your thoughts on Fiona Apple?
got a favorite slipknot album
What do you think of the campus radio station?
Hey man, why so sad?
Time travel is so weird in movies. It's hard to keep track of what's what.
what type of music do you listen to?
You've seen 2 Fast 2 Furious right?
I started listening to a Celtic Punk band recently.
Did you ever see Zodiac?
Hi!  What are you doing today?
have you kept up with current movies
Man that scene in fearless
Have you heard of James Taylor?
In Star Wars, episode three, when is Anakin a real Sith.
Who is to blame for Anakin's fall?  Qui-Gon or the Emperor?
Did you see the game between the Steelers and Redskins?
To this day, Fantasia remains one of my favorite Disney movies.
You know who I haven't listened to in a long time?
What part of Star Wars stick with you?
Did you ever get to listen to Lady Gaga's album Born this Way?
So what do the winning players for the Super Bowl get?
We just saw the new Cars 3 movie!
Do you like Eminem?
I hate getting stuck in traffic. Do you want to play a music trivia game while we are waiting?
Did you see the news about the Han Solo movie?
Hi.
They need to do Sword in the Stone as a live action.
I finally saw North by Northwest in my film class.
Did you see the movie "Bad Moms?"
Do you think they'll bring Leia back?
So do you have a favorite genre in movies?
Hey, have you seen the movie Gone Girl?
What was your favorite 'Fast & Furious' movie?
How much do you like Elvis Presley's music?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
I see you're wearing Gymshark's women's workout leggings and gym tights, Jan.
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Did you ever like any of the boy bands from the 90s?
Let's talk about some music.
Have you seen Moana   yet ?
Okay, do you think Disney will drive our love for SW into the ground?
Have you seen the valerian trailer?
Have you ever seen Shutter Island?
Do you remember the Lion King?
Do you know lady gagas real name.
What was the first Star Wars movie you saw?
I think retiring was a stupid thing for Garth Brooks to do.
Who is your favorite Beatle?
Have you ever happen to see the movie Dumbo, which had been made in 1941 by Walt Disney!
The new season is right around the corner.  Who's going to take it all this year?
Which muses in Hercules was your favorite?
You know what I miss?
Do you like any older music?
What do you think are some new fashion trends this spring?
Hey bro
I'm afraid to go out on the boat this weekend.
You ever listen to Nicki Minaj?
Did you like the love theme in the first Fast and the Furious?
Have you seen La La Land yet?
Name your favorite thriller movie of all time.
Did you see Victoria Beckham's new line at Target.
You know my favorite genre
Alright, who is your favorite artist or band of all time?
I saw Furious 7 last night.
What kind of guitars do you like?
Have you seen the Dark Knight Rises?
My nephew was over and guess what movie we watched?
Hey Dude did you just hear the new Iggy Azalea track?
Do listen to music?
Hey, are you doing anything Friday night?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
What was the best 'Star Wars' movie?
Do you like old dominion?
Did you go see the Disney movie Beauty and the Beast that came out in March?
Do you know about how Star Wars is divided into Trilogies?
Let's go see that game next weekend.
What was for favorite film of the Star Wars franchise?
I HEAR THEY ARE STARTING THE MUSIC IN THE PARK PROGRAMS AGAIN.
Do you like Stanley Kubrick movies?
Is No Country For Old Men a good movie?
Can you guess which Disney film this song is from.
Alright, but how are we gonna get out?
Have you heard about the drama surrounding the new Han Solo movie?
Okay this is really weird to me. I was reading some facts about the NFL and this caught my eye.
Do you know how important the Beatles are?
Did you watch 'Daddy's Home'
What is your favorite genre of music?
Hey man. Did you see John Wick?
Do you like the rapper Future?
I'm really glad Force Awakens and Rogue one were good films.
Is Nickelback really that bad?
A lot of people I know are big fans of the Fast & Furious series.
Did you see the Taken movies?
Do you like to watch movies?
Have you seen Cabin in the Woods?
Did you see that Queen is going out on tour?
What did you think of Brave?
Have you listened to Lars Ulrich's show on Apple Music?
I love the movie Mulan.
So, this gay Babadook meme has me thinking of the film again. Did you see it?
Do you like to listen to rock music ever?
How do you usually find out about new music or new artists?
What instrument do you think is the hardest to play?
I was just thinking about The Lion King today.
So who's your favorite rock star?
So I finally saw Psycho the other day.
Do you want to go see The Mummy?
Do you like Adele?
Want to know a place that has way more great rappers than you'd expect?
Do you like any of Tarantino's movies?
Do you like movies?
Have you seen Paul McCartney lately?
Are you a fan of Disney movies?
Hey, are you a Chicago Bears fan?
I bet you don’t know the female Rnb group the Beatles performed with?
I miss the good old days of cartoons.
Hey, do you like funny movies?
Have you seen the new Disney movie, Moana?
Have you heard DJ Khaled's new album?
Can you believe NFL training camps are about to start?
I just saw The Fog.
How paul McCartney turning 75 this month.
Can you recommend any good action movies for us?
What is your favorite music video by Lady Gaga?
What other Star Wars spinoffs do you think they should do?
Who do you think will be the top contenders this year?
Are you ready for NFL this fall?
Have you heard Eminem's older stuff?
Have you attended a concert lately?
Did you ever watch Inglorious Basterds?
Hey do you like the star universe
It's a classic Tarantino film. Everyone dies- you would really like it.
Have you ever listened to Queensryche?
So gotta know something
Have you seen the newest Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
I could talk about Star Wars all day.
The new Stephen King looks so creepy.
Did you listen to any Matchbox 20?
Dude did you watch the super bowl?
What are you listening to, Andy?
Have you ever seen the original Psycho?
Have you heard Britney Spears is ending her tour in Las Vegas?
Sitting in the middle of a huge, grassy field on a nice sunny day is so serene!
What do you think of Lady Gaga?
What was your favorite Star Wars Movie?
Have you heard the song Look At Us?
You up for some NFL Chicago Bears sports trivia?
I went up to Chicago last weekend to window shop.
So I was surprised by how much I like Harry Style's new music.
Have you heard any of Lady Gaga's new album?
Have you heard the new record by Drake?
What do you think about the rookies in the NFL last year?
So, do you think Watto could learn the ways of the force?
What movie scares you silly?
I have never laughed so hard in my life as I have watching "Ted".
What kind of drills do football players do?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Good Morning.
I can't wait for football season!
What are your favorite bands?
I'm a big Jane Fonda fan, I can't wait to watch Klute.
So what's happening in the Star Wars universe right now?
Did you see the movie the Craft?
Have you seen any of the new movies?
Hey how's it going. What are you listening to?
Do you want to come with me?
How do you think the Cowboys defense will be next season.
There is a funny movie I like
Hi.
It's so hard to believe Beatle songs are more than 50 years old!
When did lady Gaga burst onto the scene?
How did you feel about Rogue One?
I watched this movie last night that was so bad, it was truly entertaining!
Have you heard the new Foo Fighters song?
Did you like the movie ET?
Did you like Jurassic Park?
What do you think of the band DNCE?
got a favorite 2pac album
What makes the Beatles music part of the British Invasion?
Did you see Come From Away on the Tonys?
Did you know that I saw the first Star Wars movie in the theater?
I just re-watched The Lion King last night.
Have you seen You're Next?
What do you think is an appropriate salary for baseball players?
Which do you like better Toy Story or Cars?
I can't believe you were able to watch all the Cleveland Browns games last season.
Hey, I just heard that Sammy met Peyton Manning the other day. Have you ever met any NFL players?
Shall we talk about pop music? Britney Spears is my favorite pop artist.
Have you seen all the Star Wars movies?
Have you seen the new Aliens movie?
Did you see the Dodgers beat the Marlins last night?
Hey
What do you think about hip-hop?
What happened to Jadakiss?
Hey There are you going to see the new pirates of the caribbean Movie?
Do you ever listen to Radiohead?
Did you ever listen to Garth Brooks?
I am not to fond of new things these days
Have you listened to the new Kendrick Lamar album yet?
You don't strike me as the type that listens to rap music.
Okay, so what do you think was the worst part about the Phantom Menace?
Which singer of Van Halen do you prefer?
Did you see Hidden Figures yet?
What are you listening too?
What do you consider the best genre of music?
What do you think of the Monday night football schedule for this year?
I just had a dream about my aunt she had a baby in it.
You've seen Star Wars right?
Did you see the Tigers play the Rangers last night?
Did you watch that scary movie with Jennifer Love Hewitt in it?
Do you think the Dolphins will turn the corner?
The new Cheap Trick album came out this week.
Justin Bieber is the worst artist of all time.
Doc, I have a terrible ringing in my ears. Can you help me?
So, what's the deal with football anyway?
What is your favorite weapon in star wars?
Wow the Yankees are off to a great start.
Hey Linda, you want to go with me to Friday Fright Night down at Jaspers?
Hi.
Have you seen what new Disney movies are coming out this week?
Did you get season tickets for Titans this year?
Have you seen the movie Concussion?
Do you like horror movies?
So I saw a real cool zombie movie the other day.
Hey
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
There are a few other's in the movie too, but they're really just supporting roles.  Except for Walton Goggins.
OMG Have you heard Scott Stapp is touring?
Do you like any of Kanye West's music?
What do you think is the funniest movie that has ever been made?
What do you think of Rap Music?
Lets talk about star wars
What Disney movies are your favorite?
Do you like action movies?
Do you think that animals have music?
how did you like danger days
With the new Beauty and the Beast movie out, did you happen to re-watch the original Disney animated version again?
I didnt expect Deadpool to be a decent movie
I love Ariana Grande!
Hey man you like Matisyahu?
Have you ever seen Blast from the Past?
I read Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez might be getting back together- to work on a song.
I won some concert tickets.
Do you like thriller movies?
What is your favorite type of music?
Have you seen the new Guardians Of Galaxy?
I just watched the first Fast & Furious movie.
You know what movie is a good thriller
Have you ever listened to any King Crimson?
Ok, maybe not better than Pulp Fiction....
Do you have a favorite Steven Spielberg movie?
Wow i have never seen one of these before but it is pretty intense
I'm so exited that Spider-Man finally is joining with the rest of the Marvel Universe.
Was Soundgarden as influential as I am being told they were?
Whats your favorite song by Snoop Dogg?
Do you think Taylor Swift is any good?
Disney is something else
What's your favorite martial arts action flick?
Hey Matt, I have a music question for you.
Lets talk about old school 70's r&b.
Have you seen Finding Dory?
I just recently watched Lucy with Scarlett Johannssen. Have you seen that?
Who's your favorite composer?
I am liking the new age of them
Where do you think the writers came up with the idea of 101 Dalmations?
Hey how are you?
Let's talk about THE DALLAS COWBOYS.
Did you see Guardians of the Galaxy
Did you like the middle three Star Wars films that I guess you would call the first three.
Beauty and the Beast is such a good movie, have you seen the new version/
What do you think about Madonna?
I feel like there haven't been a lot of good comedies in the theatres lately.
Yo you head of Watsky
What is a good drama movie?
Can you imagine a gender reversal movie
Are they ever going to make another Austin Powers movie?
who do you consider the best female vocalist?
Who was the best character in Spiderman?
I like that pop song that was popular in the 80s
Can we watch Iron Man tonight?
What sort of idea do you have
Almost time!!! Are you ready for some football!
Do you like ZZ Top?
I just watched one of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series movies. It was such an amazing experience. I really loved Johnny !
Hey did you see the last Cavs game ?
I saw the worst movie ever last night on Netflix.
do you like Pop music in general?
Are you excited for the new Spider Man movie?
Did you see Wonder Woman yet.
Hey darlin' would you get me a beer?
Do you remember the very first Disney movie you ever saw?
If I had to pick my most favorite song of all time I think that would be a hard decision.
Do you see what the Warriors are doing?
Did you ever listen to the 36 chambers album?
Who is your least-favorite actor?
The summer is so boring without football!
I wanna get into hip hop, where do you suggest I start?
Have you seen the movie Point Break?
I am excited for the superbowl this year.
What is your favorite Marvel Universe movie?
Do you like the new star wars movies?
Who are some of your favorite rock groups?
hey i want to get better at cooking but dont want to go back to school
Whats new in your world?
Hey Mike, how've you been?
I like pro football a lot. How do you suppose that enterprise is viable?
Man that thing was crazy.
Do you ever listen to Paul McCartney?
Have you been watching the Capital - Penguins series
Man, do I hate Justin Bieber?
Hey friend! Do you think the Harry Potter movies are as good as the books?
Have you heard Meshuggah's new album?
So i was reading that Jamis Winston could break some touvhdown ecords this season.
You know what movie I really enjoyed? Chef!
Have you ever seen the Hangover?
Do you remember the movie Leaving Las Vegas?
Did you like the prequel trilogy?
Ever After is my favorite romance movie.
Ugh. I wish that these movie remakes would just stop already.
What's your favorite scene in all of the Fast & Furious movies?
I'm looking for some new music, I feel like I've been listening to the same stuff lately.
Yea, well Seattle has won the big game and been to it twice in the past couple years.
Have you heard any good pop music recently?
Hey there.
I just finished Harry Potter and the goblet of Fire!
Are you watching the Boston Celtics and Washington Wizards series?
Do you like Ozzy Osbourne?
Who is your favorite pop singer?
I noticed the other day that there was a Harry Potter marathon on, I got sucked into Goblet of Fire.
What Beatles song do you think is the most overrated?
How many of the Star Wars movies have you seen so far?
Did you watch the Cavaliers dismantle the Raptors last night?
Did you like the dave Clark five?
Did you see the recent claim by that Rolling Stone writer that Bob Dylan invented hip hop?
Man, I'm bored with these movies.
Hey there.
See any good horror movies lately?
If you had to choose, what would be the best movie death of all time?
Have you heard of the Tedeschi Trucks Band?
Are you an Eagles fan?
Hey, have you heard of katy perry?
Do you have season tickets to NFL games?
I love music
What is the last good movie you've seen?
I always thought Carrie Fisher was beautiful, but I really loved seeing her blossom as the original trilogy progressed.
What were your favorite movies as a kid?
How come we haven't heard anything about Empire of the Sun for a while?
Hey, what do you think about football?
I heard Modest Mouse will be playing here in September. Probably my favorite indie post-rock band.
Hey how are things going for you today?
Did you see the first conference game between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Ottawa Senators?
Hey.
What is your favorite artist?
So do you think Denver comes back this year?
Do you think the Steelers will take the division?
Hey, what do you think about music?
What do you think about the latest blockbuster films?
I remember seeing Guns and Roses live in concert.
Do you have any movies with Jim Carrey?
Man, I'm bummed out cause I live with my parents and they won't allow me to listen to rap music.
Do you remember the music of the late 90s?
Big Hero 6 was well done.
Was Led Zeppelin from the 70's?
Did you every get to see the movie American Ganster?
Are you a Beatles Fan.
Which was the the superior set of Star Wars movies, the original or the requel trilogies?
When do the Penguins and the Senators play again?
I caught the movie The Great Wall the other day, have you seen it yet?
What's a blackout?
What is your favorite Superhero movie?
Hey are you excited for the new NFL preseaon?
If Walt Disney were still alive, he would have been really proud of "Frozen".
What's your favorite radio station?
We bought the kids Harry Potter for Christmas. The entire DVD collection was only 50.00 on Amazon!
What do you think about the Warriors vs Spurs game?
So, what horror films do you want to see?
You know what's a great comedy?  Bridesmaids.
whats your favorite music
Do you know much about the Star Wars films?
Who do you have between the Spurs and Rockets tomorrow?
Hey, do you like rap music?
Hey, do you ever listen to band from the 70s and 80s?
Have you seen the first Fast and Furious movie?
What's your favorite Marvel movie?
I didn't get a wink of sleep last night.
Do you like horror movies?
Are you a fan of Adam Sandler?
Did you finish watching that series on Netflix yesterday?
So, do you like rap and hip-hop or not? I've been thinking lately that it still gets a bad reputation.
Do you like folk music?
I think the best action movie of all time is Die Hard.
Have you seen Mosters Inc with your kid?
Whats the last movie you went to the theater to see?
Have you heard the new Lorde album?
Did you ever see Identity with John Cusack?
Have you noticed they are finally making more movies with diversity?
Who is your favorite Batman?
Do you watch nfl?
Hi.
Hi there.
I just found out that they may not be doing songs in the Mulan remake!
Hey did you see that article about Kevin Durant?
What was your favorite Hangover movie?
Who is your favorite basketball player?
Did you see that really funny scene in the new Episode II movie?
I am so glad that iTunes finally has the Beatles music.
Hey, friend!
I read the other day that a lot of the structure of Star Wars was based Akira Kurosawa movies.
The Seahawks may just not have it anymore.
Have you seen the classic movie selection on TCM?
Where do you find new music?
ac/dc is the best rock group ever.
has kid and play ever been to your city?
Are you going to go see Cars 3?
You listening to any good music right now?
I love Peter Pan.
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Did you see any movies by Disney recently?
The A-Team movie was on yesterday.
What is your favorite Lady Gaga performance?
Zootopia was such a good movie!
Did you ever see the American Pie movies?
whats your favorite Genre of music
I'm going to a concert tonight!
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Have you see Get Out?
Did you hear about the Beauty and the Beast Remake?
Man movies are weird
Do you like music?
Were you a fan of the Jaws movies?
Do you listen to Radiohead?
Whats your favorite war movie?
What;s the last good movie you saw?
What is your favorite type of music?
What are you doing later tonight?
Want to talk about music?
What is your opinion of Nickleback?
What is a great thriller movie?
Did you like Dumb and Dumber?
Did you see Carpool Karaoke with Harry Styles?
I heard a really great soundtrack today.
Brantley Gilbert is an amazing artist.
Dude have you seen Tarzan?
Hey, just curious which one of the Star Wars movies is your favorite?
Have you seen Moana?
Has anyone seen the new Transformers movie yet?
What is Lady Gaga up to these days?
Lilo and stitch is so cute
who is your favorite sith?
Where do you think Star Wars goes from here?
Did ya'll see the Nationals and Pirates game yesterday?
Doesn't it just suck that the Steelers aren't any good anymore?
Yea, I agree that the Seahawks have been trending downward, but they are still really good.
Who is the most beautiful Disney princess?
Did you see The Force Awakens?
What is your favorite era of rap?
So have you ever seen Atlantis?
Any thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
Have you ever seen the original Evil Dead?
Are you familiar with the Shrek franchise?
Whats the scariest movie you've ever seen?
I watched a great movie last night.
Can you recommend a film to watch on Netflix or On Demand or something? I'm kind of stumped.
DId you ever listen to 2-Pac?
We just watched Moana.
Who is your favorite player from the 96 Chicago Bulls?
I think my all time favorite band from the 90's was the Backstreet Boys. Were you a fan?
Hey, did you see the latest trailer for Spider-Man Homecoming?
Greetings.
What was the last Disney movie you saw.
Did you watch the destruction of the Celtics the other night?
What is your favorite comedy film?
What's your favorite way to listen to music?
Did you see Iron Man?
Did you see that Katy Perry has tried to make peace with Taylor Swift?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Did you see the game between the Kings and the Lakers?
Hey have you heard of the new Valerian movie coming out?
Wonder Woman comes out tomorrow!! are you as excited as i am
What's your favorite movie that has to do with Irish mobsters?
What was the last Disney movie you saw?
Do you prefer the original Star War Trilogy, the prequels, or the new films coming out?
Do you think Lil Uzi Vert should be considered a rapper?
Do you like Dumbo?
When you were growing up, did you have a favorite NFL coach?
Have you seen the new power rangers movie?
MLB clubs had a total revenue of over $10 billion last year.
We've got another football team in LA!
Madonna is one of the biggest pop stars in the world!
Have you seen The Incredibles?
Are you ready for some NFL football?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song?
What do you think about Neville Longbottom?
Do you like pop music?
Did you get a chance to see "Wonder Woman" yet?
did you watch the super bowl?
I love Bruce Springsteen.
I want to ask you some questions about music?
Mark Walhburg is very talented , just watched "Daddy's Home"
WHat is it you like best about the Star Wars films
In disney Tarzan, What makes you happy?
Lets talk about music
Hey lets talk about music
Hey man did you get your Saints season tickets in the mail yet?
I really can't deal with the radio these days.
There are a couple teams this year that could really make some noise.
What are you listening to?
I love sports movies!
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
Whats your favorite fast and furious movie?
What's the funniest movie you've seen in recent years?
You know who used to be super popular that you don't think about anymore?
DID YOU WATCH THE SPURS AND WARRIORS GAME TODAY?
Have you ever learned how to read music?
Hello good fellow.
Do you like Lady Gaga music?
So what did Harry think Sirius was really going to do if he lived?
Do you think the Beatles will continue to re release their albums like they have with some.
Will an expansion team ever come to the NBA?
Michael Jackson was a gift.
Are you a little monster?
Lets talk about the beatles
Have you seen the last Harry Potter movie?  Deathly Hallows Part 1 and 2.
Have you heard any good bands lately?
hey, so what happened about our movie fan club?
Who is the best NFL team?
Hey what do you think about linkin park?
Did you see Nightmare on Elm Street?
Why are DC comic films so bad?
So, what do you think of the new furious movie, the Fate of the Furious?
Do you watch foreign movies?
Hey, have you seen the most recent Pirates of the Caribbean movie.
What is your favorite Star Wars flick?
Are you looking forward to seeing any movies this summer?
Have you ever heard of death metal?
who do you thnk is the GOAT?
what did you think of lady Gaga's ''million reasons''?
What do you think of Lady Gaga?
What did you think of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix?
Good morning.
Whose your favorite NFL player?
Do you like Sonic Youth?
Who is your favorite rapper?
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast?
Are,you,a,country music fan?
With the 2017 NFL season starting what do you think of the Jets prospects?
Have you seen the movie, Babadook?
So I am looking for some good movies to watch while I am healing from my surgery. Any suggestions?
What's your favorite band?
Do you enjoy Deep Purple?
How do you think the New Orleans Saints are going to do this season?
What is your favorite Disney movie from your childhood?
I used to have some respect for disney.
Do you like the San Diego Padres?
Hey, how are you?
What is your favorite part of the new Star Wars.
Did you like watching Austin Powers?
Did you see the March Madness games this year?
I think the prequels are superior to the original trilogy.
Hey have you heard of the beatles?
what type of music do you like to listen to?
Batman Begins or The Dark Knight, which is better?
The draft picks are chosen.
Did you see the latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
Let's talk music. Who's your favorite female singer?
Have you seen Get Out yet?
See any good movies lately?
I really hope M.I.A. doesn't retire.
Did you ever hear of the band The Alarm?
What is the number 1 hit song this month of 2017?
Hey, so what do you think of Britney Spears?
There are so many good actors in Hollywood these days
Hey
Did you know that Fast and the Furious chronology was different from it's story chronology?
Do you listen to Kanye West a lot?
Did you see the new King Kong?
So, who is your favorite band of all time?
did you see the warriors/spurs game yesterday?
Do you Think Kobe Bryant is better than Lebron James?
I swear First Wives Club is the funniest movie in the world.
Who was the worst Star Wars character ever?
Hey James, have you ever listened to drake, he is a hip hop artist?
Do you ever feel bad for Draco Malfoy?
Are you a fan of superhero movies?
Hello, how are you doing today?
Tyreek Hill is such an exciting young player!
How do you feel about them making another Toy Story sequel?
I wonder what she plans to do next
Hello, is this Bill Eversteen?
Afternoon.
Do you know some of the influences George Lucas had when he wrote and directed Star Wars?
So sad about Chris Cornell
Did you rather Ludicris as a rapper or an actor?
What is your favorite artist?
Did you hear Disney is making a live action film about Cruella De Vil?
Why hast Kaepernick been signed yet?
Have you seen that movie  "The Switch"?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you heard of Carly Rae Jepson?
Have you seen Angel of Darkness?
I have been finding more rock bands I like lately.
You pumped for the Eagles this season?
So, okay, I'm back. Night at the Opera was... interesting, so I guess I'll ask you about Hitchcock.
I have a friend whose boyfriend is in a heavy metal band.
What is Ginger Snaps?
Are you going to the movies this weekend?
Who is your favorite artist?
Hey did you end up seeing the new live action Beauty and the Beast movie??
Who is the better quarterback Joe Montana or Steve Young?
Do you like Selena Gomez's music?
Who is the best rock and roll band of all time?
Do you think they will ever kill Luke off?
What is going on with Miley Cirus?
I really like the song love game
What was the first concert you ever went to?
Do you have a favorite Disney sports movie?
Have you ever seen Return of the Jeti?
Do you like r and b music?
Man this band sucks
What do football players do after they finish their career?
Have you seen Hercules the Disney animated film version?
I think Darth Maull's saber was the best.
What is the best Clint Eastwood film?
Hey
You know if Christian Ponder is still in the league?
What is your favorite movie from the nineties?
Lady Gaga is one of my favorite singers.
Did you hear DJ Khaled just put out an album?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Have you read the story The Little Mermaid was based on?
do you remember randall cunningham?
I like BTS a lot.
So have you been to any concerts lately?
Whenever I go home for the holidays, my Dad plays The Beatles nonstop.
Did you know they are doing a Han Solo movie?
Did you see the Tarzan Disney Movie?
Are you into Thriller movies at all?
Hey, have you heard the new country station?
You know what movie was both dumb and good at the same time?
Do you remember the movie "Beetlejuice"?
So do you like Horror movies?
Hey what do you think about the Beatles?
Do you think any disney movies are overrated?
Can you recommend any good thrillers?
I want to have a movie night at my house are you interested?
Have you seen Into The Wild?
One of my favorite Christmas movies is A Christmas Carol with George C. Scott.
What type of music do you listen to?
Want to watch Se7en tonight?
What do you think of Christian Dior's  Haute Couture Spring Summer 2017 fashions ?
Have you seen What Lies Beneath?
Do you like Hip Hop music?
I want to go to Neverland.
Do you like the new orleans saints?
Who was the band that covered the Michael Jackson song "Smooth Criminal?"
Have you heard any new records recently? I'm looking for some new tunes to enjoy.
Have you ever regretted taking your kid to see a Disney movie?
Have you been watching the Cubs this year?
I love watching Disney movies, do you?
You saying you do not know who george fisher is
Do you know if a lot of today's NFL teams are the same teams that were in the beginning when the NFL first started?
What kind of rock music do you like to listen to?
Guess what I did at the game.
Have you seen the movie 'Psycho?'
Did you see the pictures from fashion week of the Balenciaga catwalk?
I listen to Taylor Swift. Is that embarrassing?
Do you want to make a bet on the upcoming NFL season?
Hey
Did you see the movie the Devil Wears Prada?
Do you like Alternatie music?
Do you like Tyler Perry?
What's your favorite scary movie?
What instrument did John Lennon play?
As insanely popular as the Star Wars movies are, episode one: The Phantom Menace was not a well received film. Why do you think that is?
Did you like 'Finding Nemo?'
What did you think of Goblet of Fire?
Did you see Lethal Weapon?
What do you think is the theme of The Beatles music?
What was the first lady gaga song that you heard?
Did you see Werth from the Washington Nationals?
Let's talk about music.
Have you seen many Disney movies recently?
Do you remember who won the Super Bowl after the 1972 Dolphins?
Have you heard aout the new Spider-man movie?
Did you see the first movie in the Fast and Furious series?
What is the best movie you've seen lately?
Do you think it's safe to say Edgar Wright is one of the best directors of all time?
Have you ever seen that movie Rounders?
Any thoughtse on how you think the 49ers will do this year?
My wife just got me the four Brahms symphonies for Father's Day.
Hey
Taxi Driver was a great movie
What do you think of EDM music?
Why are light sabers different colors?
What did you think of Your Name?
What do you think will do big this year at the box office?
Hey
Do you have any recommendations for Electronic pop?
Let's talk about who you think will win each AFC division.  Let's start with the AFC East.
I am really stressed out about my doctor appointment next Monday.
I was doing some research on pop music and found out that a cartoon had a number 1 song on the Billboard chart.
Whos your favorite artist.
Do you listen to garth brooks
What is the worst franchise in the NFL?
Do you think Leia is a Jedi?
If Aretha Franklin is the queen of soul, who is the queen of pop?
Did you see who won the Superbowl?
Are you watching the halftime show right now?
What did they before the Superbowl?
Do you like country music?
Is Heathers a thriller?
Do you like Judas Priest?
Have you seen the preview for the new Transformers movie?
When does Star Wars take place?
We have to talk about Bellflower.
Hey what have you been doing?
What do you think of this new ripped jeans look?
have you heard about up?
Hi.
I love movies about outer space, but I feel like I'm so behind on new movies!
Have you seen the newest Fast and Furious movie?
Did you see “The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo”?
Do you like Vince Gill?
Which NFL team do you like to root for, despite not needing to?
You know who I used to love back in the day?
I just saw Superbowl XV.
Was Ringo Starr the original Beatles drummer?
You know something
Do you like Lady Gaga's newer music or her older music?
Have you seen texas chainsaw massacre?
I saw The Parent Trap last night.
Have you ever heard of The Paper Chase?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you listen to Taking Back Sunday?
Do you have a favorite rapper?
Did you see The Weight of Water?
What is your favorite band?
Did you watch the original Resident Evil.
Do you remember the group LFO?
Have you seen the new Amy Schumer movie?
Let's talk about NFL football.
I'M GOING TO JOHN'S TO WATCH THE GAME SUNDAY. WANNA COME?
Do you like lady gagas music
I saw The Empire Strikes Back.
Do you want to go to the Mets game tomorrow?
What's the latest horror movie you've seen?
Do you know when Nine Inch Nails are going to release new music?
Hey! Who's your team?
Did you see Rogue One: A Star Wars Story?
Why are aluminum bats allowed in the MLB?
I saw the most awesome horror movie the other day.
Have you seen Moana yet?
So, all of us are going to a party tonight.
Andy Dalton will lead the Cincinnati Bengals to the Superbowl this season!
what do you think of christian music?
So rock is pretty old, I know--my dad used to go on about it—but I feel confused about how the genre really started?
So what are you expecting for the upcoming NFL season?
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
Did you ever listen to Nirvana and Pearl Jam when we were younger?
So, did you ever see Inception?
Can you name all the robots in the Star Wars series?
You know I must be the only one to say this but I really did not like Pink FLoyd.
Have you bought new white t shirts lately?
I hear that Disney is doing a live action version of Mulan.
How much do you like the Grateful Dead?
You know what I bought from the bargain bin at the music store today?
Have you watched the new Power Rangers movie?
What did you think of the accountant?
Are you into cop movies?
Hey
Did you see the stunning dresses at the MET Gala this year?
I just watched the original trilogy again and I'm not sure how I feel about return of the Jedi.
Have you seen Get Out yet?
Did you see the Phillies game yesterday?
is beyonce overrated?
I've always loved Cinderella.  It's my favorite Disney movie.
Why is nobody talking up the Ravens right now?
How do you like Houston this year?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
So, what genres of movies do you get into other than comedy and action?  Do you watch horror?
Did you watch the Yankee's at all this weekend?
Do you like music?
What's your favorite rapper right now?
What genre of rock is your favorite?
Do you remember Britany Spears?
Ever seen Zombieland?
Do you like horror movies?
I am trying to find a good nighttime tune for my baby.
Do you ever find yourself wearing the same thing celebrities wear?
I love conspiracy thrillers. They're my favorite kind of movie.
Why do you think that Alternative rock music rose to prominence in the 1990s?
Have you heard of the music artist Future?
Have you seen the movie 47 meters down?
What's your favorite thriller?
Who do you think will win the AFC West this year?
Have you seen any new Disney movies lately?
Did you see Rogue One?
Do you think The Little Mermaid is good?
have you seen the VVitch?
Did you see the Yankees's game the other night?
You know who's really good?
I was complaining last week to my husband that we never do anything romantic together anymore.
What do you like most about the Star Wars movies?
Have you seen any of the Freddy Krueger movies?
Hey, what's your favorite Major League Baseball team?
Do you like the Beatles?
What are your favorite NFL teams?
Good morning.
I heard a Rush song on the radio today.
I gotta learn this
what movie makes you cry?
Why dont we see more films that blend animation within it as well?
Hey what kind of music do you like?
Did you hear that Prodigy passed away?
Are you a fan of Aerosmith?
Have you seen the movie a Dog's Purpose?
Hey man
Bambi was a really sweet movie.
Who's your favorite artist of all time?
I've always felt that the Fast & Furious films have had great settings.
You wanna play music trivia?
Are you into rap music
Which team do you think will have the worst record in NFL this season?
Did you hear about what happened with the young Han Solo movie?
Boston's doing awful this year.
What horror film do you feel should get more attention?
I just saw Jack Reacher.
Dez Bryant is an amazing receiver.
I just saw highlights from Superbowl IX.
Are you into Lady Gaga's music?
Did you ever see Aladdin?
Hello
Hey whats chilling i am at the cubs game and it is pretty chill.
I just saw Rabid.
In the past, you've told me that techno music is the basis for several other genres of music.
Who do you think is the best contemporary male singer right now?
Did you see what she was wearing yesterday?
What was the best thriller of 1975?
What did you think of that last Mel Gibson movie.
Have you heard the new Green Day album?
Hey i need to ask you some questions
Do you enjoy experimental music at all?
Who do you think had the best draft in the NFL?
The Dolphins had a pretty good year, don't you think?
Did you like Wham?
My septic tank overflowed.
Lady Gaga's music has been a little disappointing lately.
What is your favorite horror movie?
What was that song from Rocky?
So did you watch this year's NFL Draft?
Have you heard of Guided By Voices?
I can't stop listening to the new Migos album.
Hey, have you seen any good horror movies lately?
Who is the best fighter in all of the Star Wars galaxy?
Are you into movies?
I just turned on some really chill music and it feels good to be peaceful
I think this is the year the Raiders finally go deep in the playoffs.
Have you been listening to any good music lately?
Do you want to have a girl's night and watch some movies?
I'm so sick of the Broncos fans around here.
Hey Pete, what's that you're listening to?
Over the weekend I binge watched all of the Indiana Jones movies.
Hey did you see that movie Zootopia?
Have you seen Fate of the Furious yet?
I fell asleep on Get Out last night. How did it end?
Who is your favorite artist currently alive?
What's up? Have you seen the latest xman movie?
Hey what Hip hop artist is the best in the game right now?
Do you remember when the Little Mermaid was released?
Do you ever listen to Snoop Dog?
Are you ready for this year's NFL season to start?
Remember in Empire Strikes Back there was that scene with all the bounty hunters
Don't you think there are some magic in the lyrics of The Beatles?
Have you seen mad max?
Have you ever read Caitlan Moran's How to Be a woman?
Can we talk about the evolution of rap? It's such an interesting topic.
Did you catch the Jimi Hendrix reference in Cars?
How are those Panthers looking this year?
Did you ever feel in the Order of the Phoenix that Harry would end up with Luna?
Hi
Hi.
How Rex Ryan getting the boot again.
I don't like the new Linkin Park single.
So did you see fate of furious?
Hey you! Seen any good movies lately?
Have you seen the movie Limitless
Hey Walberto, have you seen anything good on Netflix recently?
Who is your favorite singer ever?
Do you like the Star Wars movies?
Have you seen the movie, Gremlins?
What do you want to do this weekend?
Oh my god, I love Samuel L. Jackson!
Do you like the Eagles?
You like Robert De Niro?
Have you been to the bowl?
Have you read any good books lately?
Who is your favorite Pop band?
Do you have any Lady Gaga albums?
Do you think it was worth the money for the Dodgers to pay 70 million for puige?
Man
Are you doing fantasy football this season?
What's your favorite thing about going to the baseball games with dad?
So what do you think of the Packers this year?
Do you like Metallica?
Hey the NFL season will be coming up soon.
What Disney movie would you like to watch?
Hey, I'm listening to some great Warren G!
Who do you consider America's football team?
Did you see any of the gowns from the Golden Globes?
Hi.
What albums were the most meaningful for your teen years?
Have you seen any movies with Emilia Clarke in it?
Hi.
Is there anything more jolly than a good Christmas movie?
Have you ever seen any of Jimmy Stewart's movies?
What do you think is the best Disney song?
Do you like the Beatles?
The 2017 NFL season is about to start.
I loved An American Werewolf in London
Have you seem the new  Wonder woman movie?
Why is Paul so popular amongst the Beatles?
What's your favorite activity to do to music.
I think Alice in Wonderland is probably my favourite Disney movie.
I think one of the best horror movies of the '80s is Fright Night.
In general are you a fan of the Star Wars series of movies?
Hey lets talk about music
did you see the series of unfortunate events?
Let's watch a good thrilled tonight.
What did you think of the movie "Twister"?
I saw recently that the first movie Mickey Mouse was in was called "Steamboat Willie".
Have you seen the new loot crate clothing options, yet.
I saw a real cool movie on Netflix the other day called Looper.
What year did baseball start?
So my dad is listening to lots of The Grateful Dead lately.
You watch Football, right?
Do you like female pop singers or male pop singers better?
Did you see that there is going to be a new show on television called "Boy Band"?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie with Emma Watson?
What do you think about all the rookies going into the league this year.
I can't believe it's been twenty years since Hercules came out in theaters.
Have you ever heard of Kasabian?
What is the greatest weapon in the Star Wars movies?
We watched Brave the other night with the kids.
Have you been listening to Country music lately?
Finding Nemo really helped me get into the Disney scene.
How great was Lady Gaga's album, 'The Fame?'
What is your favorite Star Wars ship?
What's the most beautiful song you've ever heard?
Do you know that Marron 5 just realeased a new song?
Disney recently acquired Star Wars. Do you think Star Wars movies are now Disney movies?
how many eagles games are you going to this season?
So, have you seen any movies lately at the dollar theater?
If you like '80s movies, you'll love The Breakfast Club.
Who makes toy story?
Do you listening to pop music at all?
Have you seen some of the newest Dreamworks Movies lately?
Silence of the Lambs is one of my favorite older thriller movies. Have you ever seen it , Robert?
What is the latest animation movie u watched
Have you seen the movie The Bucket List?
Do you ever listen to Taylor Swift?
Have you watched any good movies lately?
Have you listened to MGK?
Did you ever watch Saw?
What do you think will happen in the new Star Wars movie, the Last Jedi?
Is Madonna any good?
Do you like Radiohead?
Who is your favorite disney character?
Who's your team for the upcoming football season?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
hey, have  you watched star wars?
Heard any good rock music lately?
What do you think of artists that commit suicide?
You know something interesting
Still the winningest team in superbowl history is the steelers.
I really want to watch The Beauty and The Beast movie!
It was a real shame that Prince died.
I heard that Han Solo actually improved some of his lines.
Do you like rap music?
Hi, what are you listening to?
At our weekly lunches we've been talking about movies.
What do you think of the latin music movement in America right now?
Have you seen any new movies lately?
I had a Harry Potter marathon the other night.  Whats your favorite set of movies to have a marathon with?
What are your expectation for this coming NFL season?
Did you see Suicide Squad yet?
Ok, here's a question for you: What is the most overrated and most underrated NFL position?
How do you feel about the new Deslondes album?
how long have you been a fan of Lady Gaga?
What is your strongpoint in basketball?
Who do you like for a comedy actor?
What did you think about how the Star Wars movies portrayed Anakin's transformation to Darth Vader?
What are you doing?
What do you think about the AFC East?
Hey.
What do you think about the Astros this year?
Do you think that Rey is underwritten as a character?
I just watched Cool Runnings today , such a good movie
Did you like all of the Harry Potter movies?
How could the Colts keep Pagano?
Do you know much of Amy Winehouse's music?
I'm in the mood to listen to something interesting. Any suggestions?
So what would be your dream movie
I'm not sure why I always see people complain about Weezer's new stuff.
Do you watch star wars?
What is your favorite football team?
What do you think of the DC Cinematic Universe?
Do you think Justin Timberlake is the king of pop
What are you listening to right now? I'm so interested.
Do you like Disney Movies?
Hey, have you seen the new Ghost in the Shell movie?
What was your favorite song of  2015?
Which Beauty and the Beast movie do you prefer?  The cartoon from 1991, or the new live action film that came out this year?
I saw Imagine Dragons in concert yesterday.
So how many games does Clevelan win this year?
Do you like movies
Any new movies you're interested in seeing?
Heard any rap music lately?
It is weird to think of disney in terms of Star Wars , I always think of lucas studios.
What is your least favorite kind of music?
How long were you a Yankee fan?
Hey, I'm looking for a fun little comedy to watch. Do you have anything to recommend?
What was your least favorite Star Wars movie?
Katy Perry is such a good pop singer.
What is your favorite animated Disney movie?
Do you like the Chicago bears?
Do you consider The Mask to be a superhero movie?
Do you like the redskins
Did you see The Grateful Dead is touring?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Do you like watching basketball games on TV?
What did you think of Ron Howard being the new director.
Do you like old school rap or the newer rap that is out now?
Hey there what kind of music genre do you like?
What movies are on tv right now?
Did you listen to the new Fleet Foxes album?
What's your favorite animated movie.
Do you think another Batman v. Superman film will be produced?
Hi there.
Did you watch the BET awards the other night?
Are you a Beatles fan?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
What is your favorite comedy?
Do you know anything about basketball?
I was thinking of recording a song and putting it on YouTube.
What movies are currently playing at the theater?
Let's talk about movies.
Do you think The Rock is good for the Fast and Furious franchise?
Are you excited about the concert tonight?
Do you think The Prestige or The Illusionist is a better movie?
Do you like David Bowie or Talking Heads better?
Atlanta Falcons
Hey, how much do musicians charge to play at weddings?
Are you excited for preseason.
Do you like any action movies?
Do you like movies?
What do you think the theme is of Star Wars?
Do you like finding nemo
It's getting closer to football season are you excited?
Hey, have you ever listened to Tame Impala?
What was Lady Gaga's first album called?
I really like that James Arthur song, "Say You Won't Let Go."
What is your favorite Harry Potter Book?
You see that Giants and Steelers game last night.
Have you heard the new Bjork record?
Who do you think the better Vader was?  Hayden or Jones?
Did you see Lady Gaga cohost on RuPaul's Drag Race?
So, Snap is awful. I am sorry, the Harry Potter fans are nuts, in the movies he was awful.
You have any favorite,pop,songs right now?
Do you watch The Grammys anymore?  I watched it the other night.
What do you think about the Chargers moving to LA?
What do you think of the Star Wars music?
Hello what are you listening to?
What is your favorite animated movie?
Did George Lucas really want Spielberg to direct Return of the Jedi?
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie yet?
Do you listen to ja rule?
I want to jam to some tunes play some i am down for it right now
What did you think about Joss Whedon ending Firefly with Serenity?
Did you like the beginning of the original Fast and the Furious movie?
Are you going to see Wonder Woman/
What is going on with the soundtracks you here in movies?
What's your thought on the band August Burns Red?
Okay, best concert ever?
Are you excited for the NFL to start in the fall?
Do you like the NFL?
Lady Gaga ever do a Christmas album.
What do you think the best Dumpledore moments were throughout the series?
The band director just gave us our theme for the next football game. I know you're going to love it.
Did you see the Spurs play the Rockets last night?
Do you like basketball?
I was thinking today about some obscure songs and artists from the 1990s that I haven't heard in years.
Are you watching the NBA playoffs?
Have you seen the latest Guardian's of the Galaxy movie?
Do you like Cher?
I kind of wish they would remake Mulan with real people like they did for Beauty and the Beast.
Did you catch the game between UCLA and Kentucky?
You know what my favorite thriller is?
Have you seen " Dead Men Tell No Tales "?
Did you like Ben Affleck in the new Batman
What are you watching?
This upcoming NFL season should be awesome!
What do you think of the Star Trek reboot?
Childish Gambino is an incredible rapper.
Did you ever see Wreck-it Ralph?
Have you seen any of the Star Wars movies?
So, are you into Disney movies?
Remember when Tyler Lockett got his leg crushed during that touchdown catch last season?
So many people know Disney for their princess movies, but other ones are great as well.
That was an impressive win by the Brewers against the Cubs.
Have you seen the latest Pirates of the Carribean movie?
How many Jason Bourne movies have they made?
Who's your favorite NFL player?
Did you see that Game last night? 13 innings is insane! I can't believe how it ended!
Do you think a woman will ever play for the NFL?
Have you been to the movie theater lately?
I think hip hop music are bloody awesome!
I watched up last night.
Hi.
I am in the mood for some football!
Which do you like better: the newer Star Trek movies or the older ones?
What movies have you seen recently?
Did you see the trailer for the new Deadpool movie.
The Godfather was such a good movie
Hi
Don McLean's popular song "The Day the Music Died" suggests that pop music could abruptly end. Is this possible?
What's your favorite Batman movie?
You know what movie I haven't seen in ages.
So I've read all the Harry Potter books, and now I want to watch the films. Are they any good?
Are you going to watch the Cavs game tonight?
Have you been listening to any kind of new music lately?
I have a fifteen year old granddaughter who won't watch Jurassic Park.
What do you think of Sinatra?
Have you seen a good movie lately
so what are some good movies going on in theater right now?
What are your top three Disney Movies?
Hey, what are you doing?
Who is the best rock and roll band of all time?
Adam sandler is a great actor
How many points did Durant end up scoring in game 3?
HAVE YOU EVERY HEARD OF A SINGER NAME TRAVIS GREENE?
Oh, man. That new Mummy...
Have you watched Toy Story?
Do you watch the NFL football?
Who is your favorite Star Wars Character?
Is Toy Story considered a Disney movie?
Where do you think music is headed in the future?
Have you seen the movie fences?
Who is your favorite female character out of all of the Star Wars movies?
Hey, I like your dog! Is that a dalmation?
Lady Gaga's video TELEPHONE is cool.
Did you see they remade 'The Mummy'?
I have this theory that kids in America are really defined by which Disney movies come out when they're young enough to like them.
Have you seen the Disney's movie Pirates of the Caribbean?
do you like kpop
Can we set things up
What is your favorite comedy movie with zombies in it?
Did you know Aladdin is a musical stage play coming to town soon?
Are there any scary movies you are excited to see?
So, what is your favorite music genre?
I really dislike Classical Music.
HAVE YOU SEEN THE MOVE PRAY ROOM?
Have you seen any new comedies lately?
Hey, what's your favorite movie?
How many movies did Stanley Kubrick make?
Do you know about Trivium?
Whata are you up to this weekend?
Did you see the new Adam Sandler movie?
ice tee got a new comercial
Snoop Dog, what is you view on him?
Do you know the BeeGees?
Which version of Spiderman do you prefer?
Have you ever seen a movie that made you laugh out loud?
What Stephen King adaptation is your favorite horror movie?
You know what is so cool about the Star Wars franchise?
What did you think about what Tinashe said last week?
Did you pick up the new limited edition Clutch release?
Have you seen Moana yet?
Which teams do you think will meet in the Finals?
What is a Spiderman scene you liked?
Which region of hip hop makes the best music?
Say whatever happened to Tim Tebow?
What is your most memorable Steeler game
I want to go to a show so bad
Do you ever listen to The Beatle's?
Hey
How do they make a movie then come out with a prequel twenty years later?
do you like hip hop music?
Lilo and Stitch is such an underrated movie.
Have you seen Jennifer Lopez video called"On The Floor".
I just re-watched Django Unchained what do you think about that movie?
Have you seen the movie "Max"?
There used to be this reggae singer I really liked a few years ago. I can't remember his name.
I saw Muse play the other night, they were spectacular.
I've been listening to a lot of Kid Cudi lately. You a fan of his?
do you like Beyonce?
What disney movie do you like?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
I'm looking for something new to listen to, have you heard anything good lately?
Have you ever watched narnia?
Hi.
Have you ever heard of the rapper Vince Staples?
Can't believe the pAnthers picked up McCaffrey.
I just saw Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1.
Hi, how was your weekend?
Do you really think Yoko Ono was the reason for the breakup of the Beatles?
What do you think about the Star Wars: Rogue One Movie.
So who is your favorite NFL team?
So do you ever listen to the radio?
Hey did you see the game last night?
Have you ever seen any of the Austin Powers movies?
Did you see The Return of the Jedi?
The jazz music in the movie The Incredibles was great.
So, are you a music lover?
Pop is such a weird category. It's like a catch-all bucket that you can toss everything else into.
Will the Sixers ever be good again?
Which X-men movie was your favorite?
Who do you think the top five NFL teams will be this year?
Oakland is going to enjoy having Marshawn lynch this season though.
Are you a big music fan?
How often do you watch movies at home?
Have you ever seen the U.K. movie Bronson                         User 2:
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie yeti?
What was the last movie you saw?
Tell me some of the rap music you have been listening to lately.
Do you like to listen to music pretty regularly?
Hey man did you catch how good Lebron was last night?
Hi.
Do you like to listen to music often?
Hello Justin did you watch the game yesterday?
Carly Rae Jepsen might be my favorite pop artist going right now.
Do you watch harry potter?
Do you like that song I am the Walrus by the Beatles.
Which part of the country do you think has the best NFL teams?
What is your favorite song of all time?
Do you like NFL football?
Hi
I want to watch a horror film
you wanna know something
Does Kevin Hart do to many films?
What are your top bands?
Do you like newer rap?
Have you ever seen Shutter Island?
its so weird that kylo was taught by luke
Did you ever watch Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
Hi
Have you ever heard of Nirvana?
Who do you think is the most controversial football player?
What do you think the Bruins should do with Zdeno Chara as he enters the twilight of his career?
I really loved the Harry Potter movies, but I wish we could've learned more about some of the characters. They're fascinating.
Are you a fan of pop music?
You know what's really messed up?
You ready for football season?
What are you listening to?
Have you been watching the NHL playoffs?
Hey is that the new "Katy Perry" song I just heard you playing?
Did it ever bother you how whiny Harry is in the fifth book?
What do you think the eagles are going to do this year?
What kind of music do you like?
Have you seen Beauty and the Beast?
Do you like Wes Anderson movies?
Have you seen the latest Fast and Furious movie?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Did you know that a new Tool album is going to be released soon?
So, where are you originally from?
You're 50, too?  Oh, my God, did you love the Bay City Rollers when you were little!
My boy Zeke is going to tear it up this year.
Have you seen the new, live-action Beauty and the Beast yet?
Have you watched any movies lately?
I have been trying to get more into classic films, know much about them?
Do you remember the first time you saw The Fast and The Furious?
I just refuse to get on the Seth Curry bandwagon.
"My name is Alexander Hamilton ..... there's a million things I haven't done."
Do you like country music?
What's the funniest movie you ever saw?
Do you like Hanson?
I really love the band.
Can we agree that the White Album is the best Beatles album.
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Are there any under the radar super hero movies?
Did you realize the very first Disney animations was probably Bambi?
Do you know about the Grateful Dead?
The Cavaliers are having a cake walk into the finals
Who is the best Hulk?
I just saw Superbowl XIV.
I just won a contest on the radio.  I had to sing a lyric from the Ed Sheeran Castle on the HIll son
the spiderman franchise sucks in my opinion.
Have you been following the NBA playoffs?
Do you like classic comedies?
I cant wait to see the next Avengers
How about Anderson Paak, huh? Is he talented or what?
Have you seen the new Star Wars movie?
I just watched the best foreign film.
Everyone always gives Nickelback such a hard time.
Which Star Wars movie is your favorite?
What NFL division do you think is the toughest out of them all?
Yeah, definitely.
Did you ever see Shawshank Redemption?
Hey bud! What have you been up to?
Do you like action movies
So I've only just found out that there were Pongo and Perdy only had like 20 dalmations in "101 Dalmations".
What did you think about the new "Beauty and Beast" remake?
Hey, Sis!
I used to hate country and western music.
Hey, do you know which one was the first ever Walt Disney movie ?
Hey, you! With the feet attached to legs! You like Bowie?
Which of the Star Wars droids is your favorite?
I like the minnesoda vikings
I finally watched the new Star Wars movie the other day.
Are you kidding me? There's ANOTHER Fast and Furious movie?
So, do you listen to much rap music?
Do you wanna go to the movies tonight?
Are you into Thriller movies at all?
I feel like Love Me Do was the Beatles best song
What do you thik about Sza
Did you like the remake of Disney's The Jungle Book?
Hey man how's it going? Have you been watching the NBA this year?
Did you see the new Wonderwoman yet?
So who's your favorite player of all time?
Did you see the new wonder woman?
I love Queen. They are timeless.
I wonder who came up with the idea for a comedy movie
Have you seen Fast & Furious?
Oh my goodness did you see the Dunkirk trailer yet?
You know what the best romantic subplot in all the Avenger movies is?
Did you ever see The Revenant?
What music have you been listening to?
What pop band is your all time favorite?
Did you ever see Findiny Dory?
Hey broseph
Do you think the new Spiderman will be any good?
Wham was a fun band.
I honestly feel like Jared Leto's portrayal of Joker was one of the best and wish they had shown more of him.
So what do you thunk about the movie tangled
Are you excited for the new Arcade Fire album?
Do you like Gwen Stefani?
We watched two Lethal Weapon movies this weekend.
I can't wait to see the new Beauty and the Beast live action movie on blue ray.
Have you watched The Space Between Us?
Hey, do still listen to Metallica?
Do you watch old movies?
Have you seen Goldfinger?
Have you seen Big Hero 6 Yet?
I'm thinking of making a mixtape to listen to as I exercise.
I grew up listening to Motown music because my mom loved it.
Yea, both teams are still good, but maybe they will start to take a backseat soon.
How did you like Pirates of the Caribbean?
Did you believe the CGI in Disney's new The Jungle Book?
Seriously, has there been any good, major music in the last 15 years?
What do you think of religious music?
What type of action movies do you like?
So I guess the finals will be Warriors vs Cavs again, huh?
What is your favorite type of music you listen to?
Do you listen to rap?
Do you like music from the 80s?
How long have you been watching Star Wars?
Have you ever seen the Sam Rami Spider-Man movies?
I used to hate the Fast and the Furious movies but now I love them.
You knpw that Colliseum scene in the Gladiator?
Do you know The Planets suite by Gustav Holst?
Did you ever see The Fugitive?
So do you think the Patriots will repeat this year?
Do you like lincoln park
I'm so excited for the Despicable Me 3 movie to come out!
What's your favorite genre of music?
Did you see that they finally made a Tupac movie?
Do you like boy bands?
Do you prefer guy rappers or girl rappers?
Hey, you know a lot about pop music, right?
I'm glad to see Third Eye Blind still going strong.
Can you tell me something about lighstabers?
I love Montreal.
I saw The Other today.
Did you like Lady Gaga's duets album?
That last run for the TD seemed sketchy
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Honey I Shrunk the kids was probably the funniest non animated Disney movie.
Hello.
Which character in the recent Star Wars movies did you like better? Rey or Jyn Erso?
Did you hear that Derek Jeter is getting his number retired?
Hi
Hi there.
Did you have any thoughts on the Beatles?
what do you think of Boys to men?
Do you know the first Hip Hop rap hit?
Do you like the Batman movies?
Do you think Vader would have stayed good, had he not died in Star Wars?
Have you seen Sixth Sense?
So, do you have plans today?
What do you think about Mendelssohn?
So what us your favorite type of music.
Hey, man. You heard of a guy named Brendan McClean?
Man you got internet
Did you see the reboot of the Mummy?
Are you by any chance a fan of superhero movies?
What are your thoughts on the revenant movie?
You want to watch a movie?
Now that many of the female singers, I guess so-called divas, of earlier eras are gone, do you think there's anyone current who can take their place?
Have you seen the movie concussion?
So how good is your NFL trivia?
Do you like when the Beatles cover other artists' songs?
Did you cry when you watched Bambi?
Where you suprised that Aniken Skywalker is Darth Vader?
What is your favorite horror movie?
Did you like Zoolander? I really thought it was funny.
I wanna hear that song "I Wanna Hold Your Hand".
Who's your favorite sidekick in The Little Mermaid, Flounder or Sebastian?
What do you think of the old school prog scene?
One of the really cool things about Rogue One was seeing Mustafar.
What's a good horror movie to check out?
Boy the Mets are really spiraling out of control.
You ready for the NFL season?
Did you see they're going to make a sequel to The Strangers?
Did you know that the rock band Poison was from Mechanicsberg , Pa. ?
is Bobby Vinton a good artist?
Man i think that guy is funny
Hi do you like music?
Did you ever see any rappers live?
Have you heard of the singer Drake?
Who is the opening game of the NFL season this year?
Did you see last night's baseball game between the Baltimore Orioles and New York Yankees?
Have you heard about Donald Trump's latest misstep?
You ever listen to Celine Dion?
Do you know what singing artist has the nickname "Mother Monster?
What's up man, you see the new Sports Illustrated?
You know what movie was actually really good?
Is Seargant Peppers the best album of all time?
Hey, do you have my copy of Django Unchained?
I'm so excited about Star Wars 8!
Did you ever watch fight club?
Do you like movies
I just watched some of the old Star Wars films, ever seen them?
Seen any good movies lately?
Have you ever watched the Kill Bill movies series?
I really hope the Vikings go to the Superbowl this year.
Lets talk about music
Who is your favorite bad guy in the Star Wars movies?
Are you into any like British action films?
What is your favorite Beatles album?
What are your thoughts on Lady Gaga's most recent album?
Did you know megan trainor is from Massachusetts?
Wasnt Maleficent based on a Disney character?
What about the Chiefs?
Are you into the star wars movies at all?
What is your favorite song by the Beatles?
So who's your favorite Action movie star?
Has Lady Gaga come out with any new music lately?
Who's your personal favorite Star Wars character?
Do you ever watch Disney movies?
How do you feel about Lil Wayne?
Hey, what do you think is the most underrated team in the NFL?
who is you favorite rap artist.
What is your favorite movie?
Did you see the new Star Wars movie?
Have you seen the Lion King?
What is your type of movie?
Looks like the Raiders are Winning!
Have you heard of Kidneythieves?
How much do you know about the Super Bowl?
Does anyone still listen to the radio anymore?
Did you ever see Leon the Professional?
What type of music app do you use for you phone?
Have you ever seen a movie that was shot entirely in first person?
Hey what are you up to man
Are you excited for all these new DC movies?
Yngwie Malmsteen is so cool!
Hi Madi, what are you listening to?
Football season is starting back up soon.
Have you seen any good horror movies recently?
I've been listening to Taylor Swift lately and I actually like it.
What do you believe about Global Warming?
Do you like taylor swift?
Dude Lady Gaga is an amazing singer even a cappella.
How about them carolina panthers ?
What do you think of Lil Wayne's music?
Did you see Beauty and the Beast?
What's your favorite genre of music?
You ever watch the movie Scream?
Did you ever see Panic Room?
Have you seen Moana?
Crazy Train is Ozzy Osbournes best song. Don't you think?
Is movies good?
Alfred Hitchcock is one of my favorite directors.
Who is your favorite living New York rapper?
Did you ever see the movie 'Cloud Atlas'?
Which new albums are you looking forward to?
Which is your favorite Disney movie?
I need a good movie to watch Saturday night. Any suggestions?
What is your favorite Beatles guitar riff?
Have you heard of Justin Bieber's latest music collaborations?
So are you ready for NFL to start up?
Is The Fox and the Hound good?
Hey man, you ready for the NFL season to start?
Have you seen the second zoolander movie
Do you remember the first time you saw the Beatles on Ed Sullivan?
are you going to any football games this year?
People seem to think that Disney is only recently doing live action movies.
Did you go to the movie theaters this past weekend?
It's the most wonderful time of the year.
So who is your favorite rap artist?
I find it weird
Okay I do not understand what is up with this movie Sharknado. Do you know anything?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Did you hear about Chris Cornell?
Check out those earings.
Did you know they are remaking Dumbo?
What do you think of pop music?
If you could pick one rock band to listen to, who would you pick?
Hey.
Oh my god, I just saw a horror movie and it freaked me out.
Did you see Captain America?
Let us talk about the Fast and the Furious.
Do you use spotify?
Have you been to any good fashion shows recently?
Today is the anniversry of the release of Jaws.
I don't listen to a lot of rock music, can you tell me some good songs to check out?
I was outside eating and somebody drove by sharing their music pretty loudly.
do you like to listen to music
Did you ever see the original Alice in Wonderland by Disney?
Hey, I just bought a new Disney movie. Do you want to borrow it?
What good quarterback will never win a Super Bowl?
Hey remember that band Barenaked Ladies?
Do you ever watch the star wars movies?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's Latest Album
Are you a fan of hip-hop music at all?
We should see a new movie.  Any good ones at the theatre?
Hi, what movie have you seen recently?
Did you ever see Carpool Guy?
What would change about the star wars movies of you could?
I saw Don't Breathe last night.
Did you see what they're showing on LOGO this weekend?
Want to watch the next Star Wars movie?
What did you think about 'Spider-Man 3.'
Did you see that the Moana movie is now on Netflix?
The football season is coming!  I am so pumped!
Wow! The new Burial album is just incredible!
You know, it's impressive how real the space fights looked in the original Star Wars, considering the time.
Don't you really like Lady Gaga?
I've been rewatching all the old Disney movies lately.
Are you going to the Rascal Flatts concert?
Did you hear that Beyonce had her twins?
I hope you saw Disney's Inside Out.
Do you like Pulp Fiction?
I want to see the fate pf the furious so bad
Good Morning.
What do you think of how Rachel Maddow looks on her show?
Do you like thriller movies?
Lady Gaga has such a beautiful voice.
Have you ever watched the Star Wars movies?
I've started listening to Lord Huron a lot.
Hey are we going out tonight? Trivia perhaps?
Why don't you like Disney movies?
Did you ever see American Gangster?
Okay, what did you think of Force Awakens?
Have you ever seen The Graduate?
Have you seen next?
What do you think of that one new movie about a guy with split personalities?
In your opinion, what is the most infamous dress worn by a celebrity at a red carpet event?
Isn't it sad that Jerry Garcia is no longer alive?
I think Fast and Furious: Tokyo Drift was a horrid movie.
What's the best Quentin Tarrantino movie?
It looks like they're making a live action version of Disney's The Little Mermaid.
What kind of music do you like?
What was the first cd you purchased?
Have you seen any of the Toy Story movies?
I was able to get my daughter the snow white and the seven dwarves movie and she loved it
Which decade of music had the best rock?
Can we just say modern music is bad
Does your dog like to listen to music?
What's the name of the guy that was in Silence of the Lambs?
Did you watch the last episode of Keeping up with the Kardashians?
Do you like Red Dirt country music?
What is your favorite movie about cars?
What kind of movies do you like?
Do you think Princess Leia will be in the Last Jedi movie?
Remember TOP GUN?
So, what kind of movies do you like?
Inception was a real mind trip
I couldn't help overhearing a Depeche Mode song as your ringtone. Do you like 80's music?
What is your favorite song from Lady Gaga?
Do you like movies?
I just won tickets for tim mcgraw this weekend
I am excited about NFL football returning!
My mom loaned me the DVD of the original Snow White and The Seven Dwarves.
What do you think about superhero movies?
Hi
Do you like Drake?
Do you like football?
I am trying to get in shape after seeing Warrior.
Do you know what the first Disney movie was?
I can't believe there is only about a month and half before the NFL season begins.
Can you help me find a good George Harrison song in The Beatles?
Have you seen 'Shaun of the Dead'?
Are you a fan of Cam Newton?
We decided to watch all of the Nightmare on Elm Street movies this weekend.
I hate current rock music.
What is your favorite artist?
Did you know that Disney was inspired by Shakespeare?
What is the first band you liked?
Remember when Calvin Klein was the big designer to buy years ago?
I need to hear some new music.
Did you like Mad Max?
Am I the only one that didn't like Monsters Inc?
Did you ever listen to Queen?
Hey, have you seen the movie Hanna?
Whats the last horror movie you saw?
Did you see the latest news on Alternative Press?
Dad, what is your favorite Disney movie ever made?
Have you heard the new Disturbed Sounds of Silence.
hey do you know when the new incredibles is coming out
Who is your favorite NFL running back of all time?
Did you know that the original name of the Beatles was the Silver Beetles?
Are you a country music fan?
I heard your son likes dinosaurs?
Hey.
What do you think of Bruce Springsteen?
Did you ever see Rambo?
What is a good cult movie?
What do you think is the most underrated album by a rapper?
Have you seen any movies recently?
Hey, you know I've been wanting to learn how to play guitar lately.
I just saw the highlights of Superbowl V.
If a book has been made into a movie, which do you prefer to do first, see the movie or read the book?
Have you seen the newest Pirates of the Caribbean Movie yet?
Who is your favorite character from Star Wars?
Know what movie I used to like but is now awful and distasteful?
Who is your favorite rapper?
Which NFL teams got the best results from this past draft in April 2017?
Do you like Folksy sounding music at all?
Did you ever see Up the movie?
So any theories about the Last Jedi?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
What was better, John Wick or John Wick 2?
Do you ever listen to the Beatles?
What do you think about the Star Wars prequels?
What is your favorite NFL team?
What is your favorite type of music you listen to?
Do you like Maze ?
mac miller writes pretty good music
What are some good folk music groups that you like?
Do you remember the Nightmare on Elm Street movies?
What do you think of Ray Lewis from the Baltimore Ravens?
What in the world are you listening to?
What's your favorite music genre
Who is the better actor, Tom Cruise or Tom Hanks?
What do you think happens to Carrie Fisher's character?
One of my favorite movies of all time and guilty pleasure is "Galaxy Quest". Have you seen it?
Rock music just isn't what it used to be.
Hi.
Have you heard of Eryn Allen Kane?
Do you think Brian Dawkins should be in the hall of fame?
Have you ever seen the movie Kidulthood?
Hey, what's up?  You won't believe what movie we watched last night.
Which is why some people are claiming Jar Jar is Plagueis/Hadu who trained Snoke.
Hey! So there's this new movie I really want to see. I saw it on Apple Trailers.
I've always liked this Iggy Pop song, it's probably my favorite of his.
Is The Conversation a very good movie?
Soon we get to see how good the SeaHawks have been practicing in the off season!
Hello.
What do think of when I say pop music?
Are you going to watch the game tonight?
How are the Nats doing this season?
Hey?
The KC music scene is great!
So are you thrilled about the upcoming NFL season or what?
Do you just love the Muppets?
You ever hear of Jay Chou?
What is your favorite thing about Lady Gaga's music?
Lets talk about music
What is your favorite action film?
In Star Wars, what was the name of the ship that Luke escaped in?
Do you like newer music?
Do you recall who won the 2nd Super Bowl?
Do you remember that old Super Mario Bros movie?
Hey! Are you excited to see Everything, Everything? It's based on a book by Nicola Yoon.
I just saw Revenge of the Sith.
Which is your favorite album by the Beatles?
monsters inc. was so good!
i think, of all the genres, comedy changes the most, if you ask me.
Are you a fan of older horror movies?
What do you think of Boba Fett?
What do you think of the Beatles?
I keep meaning to ask you, what's your favorite Disney movie?
Do you think the lions will make the playoffs this year.?
Hey - Have you watched the new screener for the remake of IT?
Do you enjoy the music of Billy Joel?
Did you like Alien?
Every seen the movie Happy Feet?
What did you think of Allied?
Did you ever have to watch a movie for school that you ended up liking?
whats some good rap music.
What is your opinion on Elvis Presley?
what's the type of music that you listen most often
There's a video on youtube that knocks me out.
Have you seen the movie Life yet?
Do you know what band I've been listening to a lot lately?q
Did you know metallica was formed in 1981
Are there any really good classic thriller movies?
Are you excited for the upcoming NFL season?
Did you see the cubs game?
Did you ever see The Grudge?
Jar Jar Binks - yes or no?
Do you like to listen to rock music ever?
Oi my man
What do you think of lady Gaga
What's your favorite way to watch horror movies?
So you're going to be on my new baseball team, right?
I absolutely adore Star Wars.
Hey. How was your date last night?
I wonder why you don't hear too much rock music on the radio these days.
Hi.
Who's your favorite musician?
Do you like David Lynch?
Do you like Katy Perry's work?
Hey, Elizabeth, how would you like to go see a movie tonight?
Who was the better Van Halen singer?
I like the Philadelphia Eagles , don't you?
Are you going to any music festivals this summer.
Have you hear of Joe Bonamassa?
I just saw the movie The Equalizer with Denzel Washington. Have you seen it?
What's your favorite movie?
How did they build that base on Hoth?
Have you seen the John Wick movies?
Do you listen to trap music?
Who is the best rock guitarist of all time in your opinion?
Do you ever listen to any of the slower, sad Beatles songs?
Do you following the NFL?
What's your pick for most underrated horror film?
How about that Phillies bullpen?
When they re-released A New Hope, they edited the Greedo scene.
What was your favorite Disney movie as a child?
Did you see Enter the Dragon?
Hey are you ready for football?
transformers is a crap series!
Who do you think is the King of Pop? Michael Jackson or Justin Timberlake?
Hey are you into any kinds of music?
would you be interested in a disney movie party?
How many NFL games have you attended in your life?
Hey have you seen the movie Hell or High Water?
what do you do for fun?
who do you wish you could see in concert?
What are your thoughts on the sequel to Mary Poppins?
Have you ever seen the movie Split?
Have you heard of Hiromi?
Do you like soundtracks in movies?
Who is your favorite actor in "2 Fast 2 Furious"?
Do you think the new Black Panther will be good
Do you remember the planet Hoth?
Did you watch the BET Awards?
Have  you heard much  from Lupe  ?
Free throw shooting is terrible in the league anymore
Honestly, I really like pop music! People bash on it, but it's just light and fun.
what move are you looking most forward to?
Have you ever tried listening to Big Band music?
Did you like the latest Avengers movie?
What is a good comedy I can watch tonight?
Who is your favorite Disney princess?
who is the most important pop artist
Have you heard of King Diamond?
Have you ever seen the Bourne Ultimatum thriller?
Have you seen frozen?
That new Predator movie looks interesting.
What happens at the end of The Fast and the Furious?
So, recently I saw the Spongebob Squarepants movie.
The Halloween movies will be on soon.
Have you ever heard of Blink 182?
I have to write a report on a movie about revenge do you have any suggestions on a good revenge movie.
Have you checked out 'Thor' movies?
What was the last action movie you saw?
Have you heard Despacito
Have you heard any good music lately?
Do you like the movie Tangled?
Are you going to see Guardian's of the Galaxy 2?
I really, really like Marshawn Lynch.
Do you like Star Wars?
It bums me out how long it takes Tenacious D to put out albums.
How did you feel about moana?
Did you ever like any of The Beatles' music?
Have you seen Pocahontas?
Any good movies playing this weekend?
So, if I'm going to watch a Marx Brothers movie -- I know I'm going to regret asking this, but -- where should I start?
Whats your favorite pop song?
Hi.
Who do you think will win the superbowl this year.
The last Batman vs Superman movie was a turkey.
Have you been watching the Playoffs this year?
When I was younger, I went through a phase when the only band I listened to was the Beatles.
I was on the bus early and the guy next to me was singing "Deception, Disgrace" from Lion King 2.
It's hard to find someone who is not a fan of music. Do you have a particular type of genre?
So would you classify it as a comedy?
Does Ryan Gosling have any new films coming out?
Have you ever heard of Twista?
Have you seen the last Terminator movie?
I am starting a diet.
Which of the three Star Trek reboot movies do you think is best?
Is Eminem from Detroit?
What's your favorite comedy?
I just showed my kids Back to the Future for the first time.
Aren't you about sick of superhero movies by now?
Who is the best contemporary pop artist?
Can I play basketball after school?
Are you a Bears fan at all?
You know something funny about Superman?
Who would you rank as the best player in the NBA today?
Do you ever listen to Metallica?
Remember the old Wonderful World of Disney TV show that used to come on every Sunday when we were kids?
did you ever watch dumbo?
Did you ever see Rambo III?
Good morning.
Which do you like better: Star Wars or Star Trek?
Have you seen The Sixth Sense?
Hey, do you think the New York Giants will be good this year?
Do you watch star wars?
So, let's talk some more rock music trivia.
Hi, NFL season is starting soon. I can't wait for the weekends during football season!
What genre of music are you into?
Are you going to see the new star wars movie?
Do you like animal rescue movies like Dolphin tale?
I kept seeing advertisements all over the place for this one movie that didn't look great, but I can't think of the name of it. Do you know which one I mean?
What Disney movies do you like?
Did you catch that Royal Bliss concert?
Who is the greatest team in NFL history?
Did you like Harry Potter the character in the movies?
Remember Jessica Simpson?
Watch any hockey lately?
What did you think about the new Wonder Woman movie?
What do you think of Brittany Spears?
Have you watched all the Harry Potter movies yet?
Today I listened to the White Album by the Beatles.
Would you think Gwen Stefani makes pop music?
I like Role Models have you seen it?
Do you like Tom Petty?
Do you like modern rap?
Who do you think will win the NBA title this year? I believe the Cavs will repeat.
Did you see the Fast and Furious 7?
Are you interested in supernatural stuff?
Did you know that there will be a Pitch Perfect 3?
Have you seen the new Mummy movie?
Do you recall Super Bowl III?
LiLu, do you remember the rock group, Asia?
Have  you gotten any new music lately?
I'm going to binge watch some classic kung-fu flicks this weekend. Any suggestions?
Do you think that the 'Fast & Furious' movies objectify women?
What type of movies do you like?
Do you like Christina Aguilera?
If you could play for any NFL team which would it be?
Taylor Swift sure has a lot of hits!
I just think that Seattle has enough to still be great.
Do you like Beatle's music?
Have you read the Cursed Child screenplay yet?
I really like Twenty One Pilots.
Hi.
Do you listen to edm?
Did you see the Golden State Warriors game tonight?
What is your favourite pop song?
Have you ever played that game Songburst?
How do you think the Cowboys will do this year?
Who is your favorite character in the Star Wars movies?
Do you like Pop Music?
I watched Goblet of Fire again the other day!
Hey Tom, did you see the big game last night?
Do you think the Eagles will be any good this year?
What music have you been hearing lately?
I'm been listening to a lot of Led Zeppelin lately.
What are your top three movies?
I understand that you're not a fan of the Star Wars prequel trilogy.
What do you want to talk about?
So, is there any argument over who the best rapper of all time is?
What one play in your team's history would you change?
I like Yoda from the movie EMPIRE STRIKES BACK.
Do you like early or late Beatles better?
I got 2 tickets to see Hello Dolly on June 21st for my birthday.
Do you enjoy the Harry Potter movies?
Hey did you know football season is coming up?
Have you been watching the Van Cliburn International Piano Competition?
shuggie by foxygen is such a classic
My Mom wants to go watch a movie. Have you got any suggetsions?
Who's your favorite music artist?
Have you ever seen The Empire Strikes Back?
Did you watch the anime movie Mulan?
What do you think of Beyonce?
So how do you feel about Eminem's latest album?
Is Rock and Roll dieing?
What's you're favorite rap group ever?
What's your favorite genre of movies?
How many Pirattes of The Caribbean movies are there?
Seen any good movies this summer?
What do you think about the movie Mean Girls, have you seen it?
I'm really into 90's music right now. Have you ever heard of Pearl Jam?
Who is your favorite NFL team.
How long before the NFL season kicks off?
Did you like Suicide Squad?
What is your favorite pop song right now?
Did you see the playoffs between the Golden State Warriors and the Spurs?
Are you doing anything Friday and Saturday?
I just saw Beauty and the Beast this weekend. I know I'm late to the party, but better late than never.
What do you think will happen to Kylo Ren in this movie?
Just rewatch Who Framed Roger Rabbit.
Have you been watching the playoffs?
So who do you like better, Christina Aguilera or Britney Spears?
How will the Raiders do this year?
Do you think Robert Downey Jr can keep doing Ironman movies?
Were you a fan of Proof?
I feel like talking basketball.
hey did you like mulan?
Yo
How many Star Wars movies do you think will be made?
Favorite 80s band?
Do you like X Men?
Hey are you going to watch the Halloween horror movie marathon this weekend?
I love comedies.
Ok, so who's your favorite group?
I have always loved rap music, what about you?
Do you think Kendrick Lamar could beat Eminem in a rap battle?
Hey have you seen that new Alien movie yet?
Have you seen Unbreakable before?
What is your favorite pop music?
Recently I saw a private screening of a new film In Search of Fellini.
What's your favorite rock song of the 90's?
Have you heard Blake Shelton's latest song?
Have you seen the movie Mother´s Day?
I kind of feel bad for Johnny Depp.
What were some of your favorite TV shows growing up?
Star Wars is now owned by Disney, right?
Who do you think is the best lyricist in hip-hop?
In Star Wars, I think Princess Leia didn't like wookies at all.
Hi, how have you been?
Can you tell me about when the Beatles played in Nippon Budokan Hall in Japan?
Have you heard Chained to the Rhythm yet?
Are you a big fan of the NFL?
Which character from any disney film would you pick to spend a day with?
I watched Kong Skull Island last night with my folks.
Do you listen to lady gaga?
Can you believe it is the 15th anniversary of Lilo and Stitch?
Hello.
Have you seen Bridget Jones' Baby?
Are you going to the movies this weekend?
Did you ever see the Rocky Horror Picture Show?
Hey. Any new movies coming out you're interested in?
Can you think of a good song for me to look up?
Hey man, what do you think about Metallica?
Seen any good movies lately?
Have you seen Tangled?
Have you seen sex tape?
Do you like Michael Jackson?
Hi.
Did you know Disney films have been around for almost 100 years now?
Wow dude did you see that Warriors Knicks game last night?
What is your favorite comedy right now?
Which five note do you play?
Have you heard the latest album from the band Phoenix?
I bought Zootopia on DVD yesterday.
Did you ever watch the movie Con Air?
So have you felt super hero fatigue with all of the Marvel movies yet?
Who do you think is a good rapper?
Do you like Thriller movies?
Hey whats crackin my friend
Were there many good bands in the 70's?
Did you know they Snow White was Disney's first feature film?
Hey man, you think Dak Prescott is gonna win MVP this year?
What is your favorite star wars movie overall?
I told my mom last night I thought what she said was disgusting, and she just laughed at me.
Have you seen The Transporter?
So, what do you think about Lady Gaga as a performer
Do you like Star Wars?
What do you think the chances of the Buffalo Bills are?
We will have to plan to see the new Frozen when it is out.
Nas or Jay-Z, who's the King of NY?
Did you ever go and watch rings?
Who is the best team in the NFC?
Did you see the game last night Between the Astros and cubs?
Man the old players are getting bad
I love all the taken movies
I'm sure they will do a good job with the new movie.
I tell you the Wizards really disappointed me this year.
Cinderella was such a good movie, I loved her slippers.
In Harry Potter, I really like the sport they play.
Dude, tell me you saw Wonder Woman.
You know any Rnb girl groups who held their on own on the Pop music charts?
Who's shot is it.
Do you like comedy movies at all?
Did you watch the Assasins Creed movie?
What kind of movies are your favorite?
Yesterday I went to the movies in the theater for the first time in ages.
Are you into action movies?
do you see international movies?
Why am I able to watch Pulp Fiction so many times in a row?
Seen any good movies recently?
Did you see the Warriors last night?
Did you see where there's going to be a remake of the movie Watcher in the Woods?
The Spice Girls were my favorite pop group.
I wish they made superhero movies based on the obscure versions
You see that Spurs game last night?
I love disney movies
Where did the Tigers play baseball last night?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XXIV.
There's something about Aladdin that is just so charming.
Hey you haven't seen the new Star Wars movie have you.
I finally got around to watching Moana.
Who do you think is one of the most underrated MCs of all time?
There are better movies, though.
Do you follow American football?
What type of music do you like?
Have you seen any Ron Howard films lately?
Did you hate the Phantom Menace?
Do you like Anthony Hopkins movies?
Do you listen to rock music at all?
Who's your team this year?
Star Wars technology is so weird.
Lets talk about music
I hate pop music. Its thin, it's simple, it's flavorless.
How do you think the harry potter movies compared to the books.
Hi.
I just saw Rogue One.
Do you recall Robert Plant winning a Grammy Award recently?
What was the best Super Bowl you ever saw?
Hey! Check this out. I found a new DJ I like.
Okay, I have a confession about my sudden basketball interest.
Morning.
Let's talk about the Beatles!
You don't like Hedwig? Are you serious?
Hey
Who do you think is the greatest NFL player of all time.
Are you ready for the party?
What did you think of the Hamilton Mixtape?
I've been listening to a lot of country music lately
who is your favorite singer
Do you see matt damon movies?
Do you have a favorite Fast & Furious movie?
When is the last time yo went to a movie?
What kind of music do you like?
Whew this rough
What is your favorite gnere of music?
Do you like thrillers?
Did you ever listen to Weezer?
How do you like Fast Furious?
Did you watch the Oscars this year?
What is your favorite movie?
Joe, have you ever listened to Queen before?
What did you think of Game 6 between the Boston Celtics and the Washington Wizards the other night?
Are there any comedy movies with Jack Black that not many people know about?
Hey. I've been looking for some new type of music to listen to, which genres do you like?
Lets talk about Harry Potter movies
Who is your favorite Beatle.
Anything new lately from lady Gaga?
I wonder why their are never obscure movies
I've always wondered why the Dursley's were always so terrible to Harry, any idea?
Were you an Nsync or Backstreet Boys fan?
What is your favorite album by Lady Gaga?
Do you like the band Creed?
I hate watching some of the NFL games, when good teams play against teams that just aren't any good.
What's your all time favorite Disney Movie?
Hello.
You know what I was watching yesterday?
Have you seen the movie The Great Wall?
I think that football games in the NFL are way too long, don't you think?
what was your first concert?
ready for your steelers
What are your thoughts on Taylor swift's 1989 album?
What's you favourite Disney film?
Who is your favorite Star Wars villian?
Do you like documentaries?
Who are the top Rookie of the Year candidates for this season?
Do you like the genre of EDM?
I miss old-school Disney animation.
Can you believe Snoop Dogg is still touring?
I am excited about the new Chris Pratt movie!
Do you watch the Super Bowl every year?
Do you know what I do every Halloween and Christmas?
Another one of my favorite Disney movies is Hercules.
Favorite rock band of all time?
Hey, so what do you think of Christina Aguilera's music?
You
I want to watch something that feels true to life and human relationships.
Do you think Elvis truly is the king of rock and roll.
Do you want to go out tonight?
Have you heard about the music band Arctic Monkeys?
What is wrong with rap music?
I can not believe the number of meme's there are about Star Wars on the internet.
What is the deal with John Wall just taking over all of a sudden?
Who do you think is the best comedic actor?
What type of music have you been listening too lately?
Hey are you looking forward to the upcoming NFL season?
Do you think Peter Parker was a better student before he became Spiderman?
Do you think bands like Sugar Ray and Matchbox Twenty will ever make a come back?
Have you ever seen the original Star Wars Movie?
Hey, have you seen the moive Mafia!?
Hello.
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
I need a good playlist for the car, I am going on a trip
What do you think of the NFL?
Which of the Spiderman movies did you like?
Are you going to any NFL games this upcoming season?
Have you been to the movies lately?
Did you see Citizen Kane?
Do you like the song It's A Hell Of A Life?
Do you want to go see Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales?
Do you like Katy Perry?
Who is your favorite rap artist?
I think my favorite song is the one Olaf sings.
What do you think of Maroon 5?
Today I've been listening to Isaiah Rashad.
I heard that there is an independent film festival coming up.
What did you think of Rogue One?
I can't wait for NFL games again.
Have you listened to Fritz and the Tantrums
Hey have you seen the new Tupac movie?
Man this music is grating
What do you think about correcting pop and rap lyrics?
Are you ready for the upcoming NFL season?
Do you enjoy the really old Disney movies?
Have you watched harry potter?
Hey, did you see the Force Awakens?
What do you think about the Cincinnati Reds this year?
Hey dude, how are you?
Do you think it's hard coaching in the NFL?
Let's catch the game tonight at my house.
Have your kids watched all of the Disney Classics like, Snow White, Fantasia, or Bambi?
Do you think music classes are important when your young?
Hey, do you listen to 50 cent?
Hey, so did you see the latest Star Wars movie? The Force Awakens, I mean.
Have you watched Room yet?
Did you like Napoleon Dynamite?
Did you know that Nora Jones' real name is Geetali Norah Shankar?
What TV show do you think as the best music?
Have you seen Gremlins II?
Do you like movies?
When did you first see star wars?
Do you like lady antebellum
What did you think of The Jungle Book?
First question, most obvious question, what should the LA Rams do with the No. 1 pick?
Hey.
What rock band is your favorite?
What is your favorite band?
Vader or Yoda?
What's the deal with the Frozen movie stuff?
HAVE YOU HEARD OF MARVIN SAPP   LATEST  HIT ,THE BEST IN ME?
Do you watch disney movies
I love metal so much. Do you like it?
You like Sleeping Beauty?
What is a saddest part of Star Wars?
Did you ever go to Vacation Bible School as a kid?
What about the Disney movie Milan?
How do the Colts look this year.
Did you ever see Source Code?
We should have a Harry Potter movie marathon!
Do you listen to music at the gym at all?
Have you seen Dr Strange?
Apparently, they're doing a new Blade Runner movie.
Did you know Elvis made so many movies?
Are you ready for some football?
One of my favorite film series produced by Disney is The Pirates of the Caribbean.
The band was formed in the UK.
Hey, did you hear that new song by Rihanna?
Which character did you find most annoying in Star Wars?
Do you like war movies?
Good Morning.
Are you in the mood to do something fun?
Were you ever a One Direction fan?
Have you seen in time?
Have you seen Moana ?
Hey have you seen a good vampire movie recently?
Do you ever listen to the Beatles?
have you ever heard of "Old Crowe Medicine Show"
Do you like Disney movies?
Have you ever heard of a group called The Monkees?
What is the most recent Disney movie you have seen?
Do you like the group called the" Bee Gees"?
Do you think the Seahawks will make a run this year.
Being a musician what rock era do you like the most?
Hi
So, can you recommend any good thriller movies?
I see you're back to wearing your floral dresses this spring, Jackie.
Do you remember  tomorrowland?
Have you ever seen Curve?
So, what do you think about this summers fashion?
I just heard startling news about the NFL.
Do,you like The Who?
Do you have a favorite disney movie?
Yo
Do you listen to the Foo Fighters often?
Did you know during broadcast NFL games, cheerleaders are on TV for only about 3 seconds.
I wonder how the Brewers and Cubs are dong today.
What's your favorite type of horror film?
Have you heard any new NFL news lately?
Do you have any Beatles CDs?
I think Frozen is this generation's Lion King.
I am trying to get into Science Fiction movies more.
Hi Jack!
Hey, have you heard of the movie called, "The Great Wall"?
Checked out the Beatles channel on Sirius?
Who's your favorite actor?
Have you seen any new movies
Do you like the Men in Black series?
So have you seen any good movies lately?
Guess what movie I just watched last night?
You ever been to the jungle?
What is your opinion of the Washington Redskins?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song.
How do you feel about the last Beatles album?
I like when they go to Hogsmeade
Do you like football?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Do you listen to Soundgarden much?
It's always disappointing when star players from college wipe out in the NFL
Have you ever heard the song "Rise Up"?
The next match is next Tuesday
Do you listen to Lady Gaga?
Let's talk about pop music who is your favorite pop star of all time.
I'm really depressed about breaking up with Becky.
Hey.
Did you watch the New Wolverine movie?
So what about the Seahawks this year? Think they can get back the glory?
Are you looking forward to Transformers: The Last Knight?
What's your favorite film?
Seen any good movies lately
So do you think Han shot first?
Who do you like that is kind of like Billy Joel?
Do you recommend The Prestige or The Illusionist for a thriller?
What is your favorite type of music?
Man, I used to love the Minnesota Vikings.
Taylor Swift has won so many awards.
I just watched Forrest Gump again.
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Do you have a favorite king aurthur movie?
Who is one of The Beatles?
Do you enjoy Rilo Kiley?
I can't wait for 3 days of football a week!
Do you like any rap artists?
HI! have you seen Anabelle the horror movie?
Hey, you know what I haven't heard much about lately? Lady Gaga.
I just did a work out. What have you been up to today?
Let's talk about music, who is your favorite pop star?
Do you think the Dallas Cowboys can make it to the Superbowl this season?
Did you ever get to listen to Lady Gaga's album Born this Way?
Okay. Top action move by Arnold Schrwarzenegger?
i did'nt know the beatles made penny lane
Do you prefer the prequel trilogy or the old trilogy?
Hey there.
what do you look for in music?
My favorite character in Finding Nemo is Mr. Ray.
Do you remember when Martin Scorsese finally won a Best Picture
What do you think was the best era for rap/hip hop music?
The last Fast and Furious franchise movie was excellent.
What is your favorite rap album of all time?
Did you see the last Fast and Furious movie?
Do you like Western movies? And do you have any favorites?
What movie did you see this weekend?
So have you heard that The Killers are releasing their new album soon?
Okay. But what about the other players, tho?
Did you watch the NFL draft this year?
Did anyone get to see the Fate of the Furious yet?
Debate time, horror movie edition.
Have you been to a ballgame recently?
Have you seen any of the Star Wars movies?
When does the new season start?
Hey, did you hear that new rap song?
Hey, you have your PhD in music, right?
Hey, do you like the new Fast & Furious?
What is your favorite song by Metallica?
Hello Waldo, have you seen any good kids movies recently?
What is your favorite KISS song?
Who is your favorite artist?
I just watched The Hateful Eight.
Who is your favorite football player of all time.
Hey did you ever listen to DMX?
What do you think about 80s comedies?
I wish rock music was the same as it used to be.
Do you think that the movie the Dark Knight would be considered a thriller movie?
I just saw a trailer for a new movie.
I loved that feathered Jonathon Simkhai gown Hailey Baldwin was wearing to the Art of Elysium gala in January.
So, who do you think is the King of Rock and Roll?
I was really shocked when David Bowie died.
Did you see the movie Get Out?
I miss the good old days for my Atlanta Braves
I love the star wars movies
Do you think Jack Sparrow is getting too old?
I love Gagas ideals
Do you enjoy NFL football?
Ever heard of Weather Report?
I love when disney movies bring folklore and mythology into play.
The Boston Red Sox are my favorite MLB team.
Did you ever seen "night of the living dead" ?
What do you think about the Star Wars prequels?
You know what bugs me?
What do you think about the Manning brothers?
I saw  that scary movie called,"Summer Camp" about these people turning into werewolf, have you seen it?
Did you see Citizen Kane?
What do you think of Mumford & Sons?
Do you like Avenged Sevenfold?
What did you think of Shutter Island?
How would you describe your style?
Do you like The band One Republic?
What kind of music you are into?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Did you ever see a classic movie and wonder what all the fuss was about?
So I seen this movie last night was pretty good
Have you heard the new Lana de Rey song, the one with the Weeknd?
I love The Clash!
I'm not sure how I feel about them making another sequel to Toy Story.
What do you think is the hardest position in the NFL?
So, are you a Beatles fan?
When does baseball season typically start?
Are you a fan of horror movies?
What are all the novelizations they talk about?
Did you know Disney makes a lot more than just cartoons?
Are there any movies that you loved as a child which you still enjoy as an adult?
So what do you think Luke will be like in the Last Jedi?
Wanna play a game?
Oh hey its forever 21, lets go inside!
Can you believe there are 5 bourne Identity movies?
Would you consider music to be chicken soup for the soul?
Did you watch the Superbowl last night?
Do you like The Rolling Stones?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
My boss gave me a raise.
Billy Joel has to be one of the best power pop artists ever right?
Any new rule changes for the NFL in 2017?
Do you like 50 cent?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
We spoke about Nightmare on Elm Street losing it's luster after Freddy became too much of a comedian, but Wes Craven's return to direct New Nightmare was pretty good!
I'm so excited for NFL football to get here!
Hey, have you heard the latest album from Linkin Park?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
I've been a St. Louis Blues fan for all of my life.
Who do you think is the best quarterback in the NFL?
remember bad romance?
I just saw Jason Bourne.
Who was your favorite Beatle?
Do you like anything by Senses Fail?
Do you ever think about how music can affect your mood?
How are the Patriots looking for the fall?
Have you heard that new Kendrick album?
What's your favorite Tarantino movie?
Do you think there will be another Fast and the Furious movie?
I think my favorite Film Noir is Laura.
What's your favorite Steven King movie?
What's a style of music that you liked in the 80s?
Lets talk about football
Hey, I've been looking for a good movie to watch with my little girl, any suggestions?
I just saw John Q and it was amazing
Did you hear they are planning on making more Fast and the Furious movies?
Do you watch Major League Baseball?
Do you think RG3 will have a chance in the NFL?
I have heard people say the Gargoyle in Hunchback of Notre Dame is really Pumbaa from The Lion King .
What is what? Start with the scales.
Are you a hockey fan?
How would you describe Lady Gaga's occupation?
Hey let's talk about music
I like will smith in his action roles
Will Gaga ever top Bad Romance?
Ever seen Elton John live?
Do you want to try out that new restaurant this weekend?
What did you think of the Steelers last year.
what kind of music do u like
Do you remember how we were first introduced to WestSide Story?
Tell me about this new live action Little Mermaid.
Are Star Wars movies just science fiction?
Chris Young has some great new music out, don't you agree?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Who do you think will have great season in the NFL this year?
What is your favorite pop song right now?
What do you think about the Giants this year?
Do you like 90s rock?
Boston's great.
Have you heard the new album from MGK?
Do you like Star Wars?
Have you seen any older movies, Like blazing saddles?
What do you think will be the big hit for this summer as far as clothes?
Hey, what is your favorite bands these days?
What movies are you looking forward to this year?
Hey
Do you like the first edition?
Hey, have you seen Ender's Game?
What do you think of The Beatles?
What's your favorite Metal band?
Have you heard Chance the Rapper?
Have you ever heard of La Dispute?
Christine, is it good?
I thought I cried hard for Lilo and Stitch, but the kids and I watched Bambi today...
What's the funniest thing you've ever seen at a baseball game?
What was the scariest movie you have ever seen?
What was your favorite battle in the 'Star Wars' universe?
I love that one song that was covered the beatles originally did
Are you a fan of the Doors?
What are the most common injuries in the NFL?
What kind of movies do you like?
Do you like The Evil Dead?
Have you been to the Braves' new stadium at SunTrust Park?
who do you think will win the superbowl this year
So how "realistic" would you say A New Hope, the first Star Wars movie, is?
Didn't you say you like Gospel music?
Hey girl, do you like the Beatles?
Bro, if you had to take one quarterback this year, who would it be?
What do you think about the movie Tarzan?
Do you listen to lady gaga
July is always a good month to catch music concerts, and Indianapolis, Indiana has 2 different music festivals in July.
Have you seen the last Star Wars movie, Rogue One?
What's your favorite Aerosmith song?
Which football player do you think had the hardest time retiring?
Which do you think was better? Illmatic or Reasonable Doubt?
Have you heard the cure album bestival?
Are you into violent movies?
Did you watch Creed?
I heard somewhere that someone died on the set of the new Star Wars movie?
Are you going to Fashion week this year?
What do you think of the music that has been normal since you have been alive?
Who is the best guitar player?
do you like the beatles
Hello bro what is up with you
Do you like rock music?
I'm a be taking a 4 hours flight tomorrow morning.
Is Drew Brees finally going to have a bad year?
What type of music is to your liking?
Hey, I just got offered box seats for next seasons 49ers games
Do you know who Childish Gambino is?
Did you go to the game last night between the Padres and Giants?
I just watched Empire Strikes Back.  Again.
What are your go-to karaoke songs?
Do you like to listen to music from musicals?
Which is objectively the best Disney movie, Beauty and the Beast or Mary Poppins?
Have you been listening to any good music lately?
Did you see the live action of The Jungle Book?
If you could play any position in football what would you choose.
Heya, did you see Hidden Figures?
You know what was an underrate movie?  Frailty.
How do you feel about movie remakes?
Hi man
My son-in-law's birthday is coming up in two months, and I was trying to think what to get him for a present.
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Did you ever see Gone Girl?
Why is C3PO so annoying?
I can't stop listening to lady GAGA!!
Did you have a favorite Disney movie growing up?
do you like tampa bay this year?
Did you see the last Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
What band did you like when you were in college?
What's that song you're listening to?
Remember when Luke trained with Yoda?
Did you like Lady Gaga's first album?
Is George Lucas involved in the next Star Wars movies?
Do you like the Seahawks?
did you see the new beauty and the beast?
Do you like southern rock?
I saw you rented a movie from the library, what did you get?
I was thinking the other day of music that was popular back when I was in middle school.
Who shot first?
What is one of the freakiest thriller movies you've ever watched lately?
Hey, what's up?
Do you remember that movie about the bed that could take you anywhere?
Man summers are so boring !!  I can not wait until football season
I finally found a thriller movie I liked.
Are you a fan of Pop Punk?
I just read that American Idol is returning.
So what decade do you think was the best for music?
I recently started listening to pop music again.
Have you seen the movie the Parent Trap?
Have you heard Slowdive's new album?
What are your thoughts on Counting Crows?
Did you see Inception?
Hey did you see the ghost in the shell ?
Do you think Nickelback deserves all the hate they get?
Let's talk about rock music.
So I finally saw the Avengers Age of Ultron last night.
Have you ever heard of the band Treponem Pal?
I love the classic beauty and the beast
Do you know where they are gonna have next super bowl at?
Star Wars the original movie was the best!  Do you agree or not?
How many Disney movies have you actually seen?
Man the Cubs are really struggling this year.
i got lots of beatles albums
It is going to be interesting to see who challenges New England this year. Someone has to step it up.
What era of Rap do you like best?
Hey have you seen the movie The Fist Fight?
You listen to Top 40 songs right?
What did you think of the IT 2 Trailer we just watched?
Do you know where Eminem grew up?
Do you listen to The Menzingers?
I just rented the new Power Rangers movie from Redbox last night.
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Who is your favorite actress?
Hey, what is your favorite NFL team?
Do you like listening to The Beatles?
So what do you think about the movie Aladdin?
I cant believe it man.
I've been listening to the Beatles a lot lately.
Have you ever seen the Hunchback of Notre Dame by Disney?
Are songs by Simon & Garkfunkel rock music?
Jim Morrison was a really good musician, wasn't he?
I really think Disney waited too long when they made Cars 3.
Hi, have you seen any good action movies lately?
Who did you like most in Aladdin?
Ever listen to any of Ice Cubes songs?
What is your favorite rock bank?
Hi.
So what did you think about Fast & Furious 7 ?
Hello
Do you like anime movies?
You like the Seahawks?
Lets talk about music
So I'm watching Harry Potter and The Order of the Phoenix and I think this is the saddest one out of all the movies.
What songs do you like that the Beatles' wrote?
Hi there.
lets talk about Elvis today
So what happened with the dream team?
Hi there.
Do you listen to music on an iPod?
What did you think of the Super Bowl? Crazy game right?!
Question: Who was more wrong by Harry - Snape or Dumbledore?
Do you like Spanish music?
Hey do you watch hocley at all?
Have you seen the movie Doubt?
Who's the best team in the NFL?
So I bought the old pink cd
When I was little I used to have nightmares about Darth Vader.
Have you seen Borat?
So have you seen any good movies lately in the theaters?
Hey have you hear of the Dallas strong quartet.
So what do you think about the Ravens' chances this season?
Who is your favorite Christmas singer?
I was watching some videos of Rick Springfields latest concert.
Have you seen the Resident Evil movie?
Whats your favorite type of movie?
Did anyone see Rough Night?
Which of the Die Hard movies is your favorite?
Do you ever listen to Ben Folds?
Hello.
I went to the game two weeks ago and the stadium was packed to the hilt
Do you remember the very first concert you went to?
I'm going to be watching all of the Harry Potter movies at my place today.
Will the Golden Knights be good this year?
Do you have any Beatles albums?
You've seen the Harry Potter movies, right? What did you think of the final one?
Man Have you seen those interviews
Do you think country music has gotten better or worse over the years?
Who won the game?
What do you think Luke's been doing on a deserted island for all those years?
What movie did you end up seeing this weekend?
Have you seen any of the Fast and Furious movies?
What kinds of movies have you seen lately?
Have you listened to any new rap these days
So what do you think of Jaylon Smith.
What is your secret pleasure/ guilty pleasure music or song?
What's your favorite movie?
Looks like it's going to be the Warriors vs the Cavs in the finals
I've been listening to really relaxing music while I work lately.
I better hurry and buy my kids tickets to see Cars 3 this weekend. They are so excited.
Who played Voldemort?
Well, another football season is a few weeks away.
Do you prefer the original superman movies or the henry cavil ones?
So Spurs and Warriors and in the Conference Finals.
Are you looking forward to "The Last Jedi"?
Man he is funny in movies
How about them Kings? Really got fleeced by the sixers?
Hey did you ever see the movie Cujo?
So the 8 is then what?
Who is your favorite music artist?
What is your favorite music video?
Do you want to go to a concert with me?
Do you like animated stuff?
I see there's yet another Transformers movie coming out.
Do you listen to Mipso?
I wanna rock.
What's the last movie you saw in the theater?
What song are you listening to?
I can't believe the Patriots are still winning after all these years.
What is your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Any new albums releases on your radar this week?
who is your favorite female rap artist?
So what kind of movies do you watch?
Are you a Star Wars fan?
Did you ever play baseball?  I did for one season in Babe Ruth ball.
Hey, how are you doing?
What does music mean to you?
Yo you ready for the next nfl season?
Hello.
Thanks for taking me to the game!
Do you like the Star Wars series of movies?
Hey how have yo been doing?
Hi.
What is your opinion on deflategate?
So what kind of rock do you like?
What do you think of the singer Pink?
I just can't get into raw footage horror movies.
Do you like beyonce?
How often do you go to the movies to see a Disney movie?
Hi there.
Have you seen the Boss Baby movie?
Do you have a big movie collection?
What kind of music did you listen to in high school?
Are you a fan of hip hop?
Do you like movies filmed in nature?
Seen any good movies lately?
I pulles out some of my old music cassettes last night.
What did you think of Alice Through The Looking Glass?
I am so mad right now.
I'm not a huge fan of the beatles generally
I like this new trend of taking animated Disney movies and making them into live action movies.
Do you like Luke Brian?
I think Seattle is going to win the NFC this year.
Have you seen Suicide Squad?
Are you a Star Wars fan?
SO WHO DO YOU THINK WILL BE IN THE NBA FINALS?
I just watched the movie American Pie. Have you seen it?
Have you ever had a bad experience at a concert?
Did you ever buy a Hansen album?
I wonder if disney will ever acknowledge a LGBT relationship.
Do you like Lady Gaga's song called "Million Reasons"?
Have you ever seen the movie Office Space?
Why do you think of Pearl Jam?
Have you seen Memento?
What is your favorite Genre of music?
I hope they make more Fast and Furious movies.
What is your favorite disney movie
Have you gotten into any animation films?
The Little Mermaid has to be my favorite of all time
I think A New Hope might not be quite as good as Empire, but it's top three and definite more important.
What do you think of Pitbull?
Hey, have you ever seen Never Back Down?
I just showed Mary Poppins to my kids for the first time the other day.
What do you think of Mariah Carey?
Hi.
What was your favorite part about Princess and the Frog?
Did you know that I haven't seen Lion KIng in years
Who do you think is the greatest singer of all time?
Have you ever seen this French movie call Joyeux Noel?
I heard that they're making live action versions of a lot of old Disney movies!
Have you heard the most recent Ed Sheeran song?
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE BAND THIRTY SECONDS TO MARS?
Action films have violence and strong heroes, while thrillers have suspense and innocents in jeopardy. Is Taken action or suspense?
Do you ever watch the Fast and Furious movies?
You know what one of the greatest Christmas movies is?  A Christmas Story.
Have you seen Les Miserables?
Hmmm, this band started up recently, around the mid 2000s.
Have you seen the live version of Beauty and the Beast?
Is it true that Lady Gaga write's her own music?
So what is your favorite comedy movie of all time?
You know what was actually really interesting in the film which was made possible because of the setting?
Have you ever watched the Scott Pilgrim movie?
Who is your favorite rapper from Atlanta
can we talk about Pop Music?
How do you feel about superhero movies?
I love '80s music, New Wave stuff especially.
Are we still watching Disney movies tonight when everyone comes over?
What is your favorite Ben Stiller movie?
Were you able to see game 3 between the Warriors and Jazz?
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
What do you think of Streetlight Manifesto?
I want to watch more sports this year. I think it will bring me closer to my boyfriend.
Did you like Catwoman?
Did you ever see Trading Spaces?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
What are some of your favorite action films?
So what kind of movies do you like?
I read the other day that Zach Orr might be coming out of retirement and coming back to the NFL.
Snow White is such a classic movie
One of my favorite bands in the seventies was Lynryd Skynryd.
Hey.
Jim Henson made some really good movies but a few were kind of creepy.
What do you think about the Quarterback situation in Houston?
What's that tattoo on your wrist?
Hi, I like all Star Wars Movies except the prequels?
So, please tell me what you think of Lilo and Stitch.
What is the best Hermoine line from the Harry Potter films?
What is your favorite action sequence
What did you think of the Watchmen?
Can you believe Adele's success at the Grammys this year?
Do you like dark comedies or more lighthearted comedies?
Who were the two finalists in the NBA 2005 game?
So what is your favorite hobby?
What does the movie title "The BFG" stand for?
Are the Carolina Panters going to turn it around this year?
I saw Wonder Woman the other day.
Are you a fan of Spider-Man?
Are you an NFL fan?
Do you think The Ramones were influential?
Are you into really weird movies?
Who is the most influential rapper today?
Are you familiar with the music of the band Genesis?
Are you pumped about the Black Panther movie?
Why didn't Randy Moss break all of Jerry Rices records?
where do you usually get your music albums? i need  Nelly's new album
Have you heard the new album by the infamous Drake?
How about all these book turning into film lately?
I loved the backstory with Dom in the Fast and the Furious
So I just got through watching Trailer Park Boys " Don't Legalize it."
I was really surprised when Carrie Fisher died.
I'm a big Kate Bush fan, do you like her.
Hey there, excited about the Cowboys chances for next season?
What is your favorite Beattles song?
Harry Potter is one of those movie series you can just watch over and over again.
What did you think of the artist Prince?
The Dave Clark Five was one of my favorite bands.
How many Harry Potter movies have you watched?
Did you see central highschool play cretin durham hall
who do you think will win the next superbowl?
What's your favorite song?
Hello chap. Excited about some American Football.
Guess what movie I saw yesterday?
I just wasted over an hour of my life.
Hi
Do you remember the movie Old Yeller?
Hi Thelma Lou, what are you doing?
Do you think Atlanta will be good again?
Well, I'm supposed to start a conversation with you about music, so what type of music do you like?
I hate classical music!
Want to watch a movie tonight?
I think they need to change the marketing of this.
Did you see Ice Age: Collision Course?
Can you believe there is only 2 months left before the NFL Season?
So my son's music class starts up on Monday.
Do you like the Rocky Movies?
Okay, here's one thing that bugs me about the Harry Potter movies compared to the books...
Lorde's new album...
I think they need to limit the goalies padding now.
I don't like rap.
I just can't seem to get into football anymore.
Who do you think is the highest rated major league baseball team of all time?
Hey what kind of music are you listening to these days?
Remember early in Russell Wilson's career when he used to go down field and lead block for Marshawn Lynch?
Do you think we will ever get any more Harry Potter movies?
If you could only listen to one beatles song which one would you pick?
What's your favorite pop song?
Have you heard of The Mamas and The Papas?
did Danny come over to yours last night?
So, what are you thinking for your fantasy football draft strategy this year?
Have you ever listened to Of A Revolution?
Did you watch The Fate of the Furious?
How many movies do you think James Cameron makes in a year?
Ever heard of the movie Alpha Dog?
Was Darth Vader the ultimate villain?
I miss Three Days Grace.
What lesser know horror film have you enjoyed and recommend?
What's your favorite comedy?
Why do you think they put 2 villains in Spiderman 3?
What do you think of the Cowboys this year?
Do you think they'll do another Batman soon?
I LIKED THE BEATLES FIRST RECORDINGS WHEN THEY SANG OUR OLD ROCK AND ROLL HITS
I've been trying to track down older Beatles albums. Which ones would you recommend me tracking down first?
Who was the guy that did all of those 80's movies?
Do you listen to Nirvana much?
Hey let's go see eh new Star Wars movie.
Did you ever do band camp in high school?
Do you like rap music
What sorta movies are you into?
Do you like thriller movies that sort of mess with your head?
Do you think Colin Kaepernick will get picked up?
Do you think that animals can enjoy music? How do you know?
Did you see the cool movie Zootopia?
So, listen to any rap hip/hop lately?
I miss the rock bands of the 90s.
Hey what song by Jethro Tull do you like?
When you are at home with your husband, who gets to pick what you watch on the television?
I still think they are the bees knees
Hey are you ready for football this year?
Do you like live music?
Know anything about the new Han Solo movie?
Did you know the Haunted Mansion was based around a Disney ride?
Hello bro what is up with you
Is it true the Beatles had their own cartoon series?
Do you think Philadelphia will make the playoffs next year
What did you think about the first Avengers movie?
How old were you when you started watching football.
On my way to work the song "I Will Always Love You" by Whitney Houston was on the radio. I love that song.
I just binge watched the original three Star Wars movies yesterday.
I went to this trivia night at a local bar two nights ago. It was a lot  of fun.
Hi.  It's been a while.
Have you seen any good horror movies lately?
Did you ever watch Deepwater Horizon?
Who won the MVP for the NFL this year ?
DID YOU SEE THE NEW DISNEY ANIMATED MOVIE MOANA?
Do you like Native American Flute Music?
I don't like tap that much.
Ready for some football?
Who is your favorite rock music artist?
I made a big mistake choosing a movie to watch last night.
Do you know of any good new music?
I have to write a paper on motion picture history for my class.
I Love A Sister Act!
Do you remember the band called Ratt?
What is a good rock band?
I wonder what most people consider to be the best film of ALL time.
What is your favorite Beatles album?
Do you know what hyphy rap is?
have you seen fas and furious seven?
Do you like Fleetwood Mac?
Who is your favorite Star Wars villain?
Kevin Hart has really gotten popular over the last few years.
How much did you like The Ring?
Are you a fan of the Superman movies?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
How many NFL teams have not won a Super Bowl?
hi
Do you listen to Khalid?
Where did all the food come from at the banquets?
What is your favorite comedy?
Disney's Tangled was surprisingly hilarious.
I'm glad you like rock n roll.
I used to listen to a lot of rap, but nowadays I just can't get into it.
what was the first kind of music you listened to?
You want to go to the movies tonight?
Do you like fiction movies?
I need a good family movie for movie night
What's your favorite movie?
Did you ever see the Eagles in concert?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Hey man!  I'm trying to find some new music to work out to, any suggestions?
I really enjoy watching Disney movies.
I just saw Episodes 4 5 and 6 recently, what should I watch next?
Hi have you heard the new song by Coldplay and the chain smokers?
I watched 101 Dalmations the other day.
Which movie reinforces gender stereotypes? I'm thinking of holding a discussion about patriarchal themes in films with my literature group.
Did you see the Wild game last night?
Did you think the later Terminators were better than the older ones?
What are you listening to these days?
I really like the movie Fantasia. I hadn't watched it for years until last night.
Did you know people misquote the like from Empire Strikes Back all the time?
Season's over.
Would you consider Iron Man an action movie?
What are your thoughts on Obi-Wan?
I think my favorite Disney movie is Hercules.
Who is the best Star Wars villain? This includes people that are not siths
Do you listen to Coldplay?
What is the best Vince Vaughn movie?
Have you watched any good movies lately?
Have you ever seen Prisoners before?
What station do you listen to?
Who is your favorite female singer?
Did you like the 40 year old virgin?
Did you hear that The Lion King is playing in theaters for it's 20th anniversary?
Do you think Bob Dylan was great?
Remember the amazing pop female singers that were in the late 90s and early 2000s?
what pop music do you think is the best for a work out?
do you like tim burton
Have you seen the newest Star Wars movie?
Have you seen 'Wonder Woman?'
What's your favorite kind of music?
Have you seen the new Beauty and The Beast film yet?
Who do you think will win the NBA Finals this year?
If you were one of the seven dwarfs, which one would you be?
When did you see your last movie in theaters?
I imagine you love Marvel movies the best.
Have you heard Hanson's new song yet?
I'm pumped about the new NFL season. I'm interested in how the teams will work out this year.
Did you see the extra-inning game between the Cubs and Yankees last night?
what Disney did you like?
Are you looking forward to this NFL season?
What's your favorite battle in Star Wars?
Have you seen Guardians to The Galaxy Vol 2.?
So i went on the Bucs webpage to look up what season tickets cost.
Do you like the movie Alice in Wonderland? It's my favorite Disney movie.
You know who you don't hear a lot about anymore?
Why are so many people into Star Wars?
I have great news!
Have you seen Sausage Party yet?
Don't you feel that the beginning of the NFL season puts you in a festive mood?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Do you think old people are too nostalgic for old hip-hop?
Did you see the yankee game last night?
Was hey Jude an album?
I know it's not technically a 'princess' but my favorite Disney (non) princess is Pocohontas.
What do you think of the NFL?
Hey, so what did you do last night?
Do you think Carmelo Anthony is going to be playing in New York next year?
Have you ever seen the movie Bambi?
Does your son have a favorite movie?
What's your favorite horror movie?
What happened to 98 degrees?
I like the original Spider Man movie.
So Taylor Swift put all her music back on Spotify.
Hey what's your favorite comedy movie?
Man..
Is Paul Thomas Anderson overrated?
What is your favorite Beatles song?
It's difficult for me to pin down a definition of what a thriller movie is.
So, just a little under 3 months and Football Season starts.
So does  the new movie  hold up  in the  fast  and  furious  series ?
Did you get a chance to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2 yet?
Hey have you ever seen Natural Born Killers?
Have you seen Rogue One?
Who is your favorite NFL announcer?
Are you a violin player?
Did you ever hear any of the cheek to cheek album?
Janet Jackson was very big back in the day.
Do you like the acotr Leon ?
how do you compare lady gaga to katy perry?
What's your whole take on the pre-Sgt. Pepper versus post-Sgt. Pepper Beatles?
John Wick 2 is a beautifully shot film.
Do you think the Patriots will repeat as Super Bowls winners this year?
Did you watch Disney movies when you were growing up?
Who are your  favorite  pop artists of all time?
What is your favorite food and drink for a baseball game?
What types of movies do you like?
Are you a fan of the Jason Bourne movies?
Hey what's your favorite original trilogy star wars movie?
You like war movies, right?
Did you do pep band just in high school, or in college too?
Who is the best AFC team?
Did you see the new Guardians movie?
Is it just me, or is there a surplus of Teen post-apocalypse movies?
What's with Leia's hair?
Have you seen Ex-Machina?
What kind of music do you like?
Have you seen tangled?
Did you hear they just found some previous unreleased Thelonius Monk soundtrack to a French film?
What do you think of the Buccaneers?
What do you think of classical music?
Whatever happened to Lady Gaga? Haven't heard much about her, except last time when she performed at the Superbowl halftime.
Did you see the new Mad Max movie.
Who is your favorite Beatle?
It's nearly football season again
So what do you think about the NFL this year?
I just started listening to Christmas carols again today.
What do you think about The Little Mermaid?
Hey, do you ever watch horror flicks?
What is the best planet in star wars for you
Hey, what do you think about football?
Did you hear that David Bowie died?
Did you know Lady Gaga won a Grammy with Tony Bennett?
I went bowling last weekend with my boyfriend.
Who's your favorite pop artist?
Have you heard of Euronymous
Do you like the old thriller movies?
Who is your favorite rapper?
Who do you think will win the most games next season?
Have you seen any of the fast and the furious movies?
What are you wearing?
Did you see the trailer for the new Spider Man?
Which do you like more, the Star Wars original trilogy or the prequel trilogy?
Hey, have you seen the movie Hush?
What's your favorite scary movie?
What time is Eric's ball game today?
What was your favorite Star Wars movie?
How about them Steelers?!
So time is getting close....... bout a month away till Pre-Season
I miss the old Disney movies.
I went window shopping in the mall today.
Can you believe it's time for preseason football in a couple of weeks?
Hey
Did you see the trailer for Dunkirk?
So who is your favorite rock band?
Hey, what your favorite music?
who is your favorite rapper?
Ever hear Buckwheat Catapillar?
Who played Obi-Wan Kenobi?
Was Fatal Attraction good?
Lets play guess the movie about famous drug addicts?
Did you like Biggie or Tupac more?
So, what do you think was the best decade for music overall?
Hi, do you watch NFL?
How did you like Beauty and the Beast?
You know who I loved when I was in college?
Do you think the American Pie franchise jumped the shark?
What's your favorite movie?
Have you ever seen Lady Gaga live?
Hey man, are you pumped about Fournette coming in?
Hey, have you ever listen to Bts?
I saw the Exorcist when I was young.
Grant is making up a new baseball team called the Basemasters.
Do you know how the main cast of Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, and Carrie Fisher picked to be in Star Wars?
Hey what do you think the 49ers will do to get their franchise quarterback?
Who has hit the most home runs in major league baseball?
I heard that they're finally making another Jeepers Creepers movie.
Did you see any Star Wars in theatres?
Have you seen the video SUPER BASS by Nicki Minaj?
Did you know Tom Petty came through last year.
Did you watch the latest Fast and Furious movie?
Have you heard about the new Aliens movie?
What is your favorite Weezer album?
Have you watched any new movies recently?
What movie would you recommend to watch tonight?
I've been looking into Delia Derbyshire some more. She's kind of amazing, actually.
Hey User 2, I'm looking for a movie for my kids to watch this weekend. Any suggestions?
Do you know the band Foreigner?
Would you have listened to Lil Dicky if it was for Eminem?
I just caught a show in Reno.
Are you a fan of horror movies?
Have you ever seen Fight Club?
Hey did you see the Reds and Cubs game yesterday?
Do you remember the Blair Witch Project?
Did you like The Force Awakens?
Hey the NFL preseason is coming up!
is Taylor Swift the biggest pop artist around today?
Did you see the new, live action Beauty and the Beast movie?
Have you heard that line "show me you teeth" from Lady Gaga?
Do you like female singers?
Who was your favorite Disney character as a kid?
What do you think of white rappers?
Hey, you really like the "Fast and Furious" movies don't you?
Do you like movies
I think The Nightmare Before Christmas is one of Disney's scariest movies.
I was at a bar last night and guess what song came on?
Who do you think is the most underrated head coach in the NFL?
How is your day going?
Have you seen the new thriller action movie John Wick 2?
Do you like john mayer
Have you heard of The Exorcist?
I watched a really wacky movie last night you should check out.
Hey man can you please turn that music down i am trying to concentrate i have a test to take in class tomorrow?
Mariah Carey is gorgeous.
Did you see the 49ers play the Bears last night?
You know I think that makes sense as a reason for Rapunzel's hair being gold...
I cant believe carrie fisher is still doing the star wars movies
Let's talk about music.
Do you like Kenny Chesney?
Who do you think is the best beatle?
Hey, how do you think the Niners are going to do this year?
What upcoming Disney films are you looking forward to watching?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
So I've seen some videos on youtube that talked about return of Anakin Skywalker in the Last Jedi
Do you watch the voice?
What do you think about thriller movies switching from gory violence to more psychological?
Did you see the movie The Heat?
So guess what they came out with a new Transformers
Do you think fast and furious movies are becoming repetitive?
Do you enjoy watching thriller movies?
Are you a Star Wars fan
Have you seen that new movie that came out recently in November?
I just saw the 2014 AFC Divisional Playoff game.
Do you like lady gaga?
I'm trying to find The Lion King on DVD.
I really miss alternative music.
So I signed up with a company that sends me clothing by mail once a month. I try it on and keep what i want, am billed for it, and send back what I don't.
Did you ever watch Fargo?
Have you seen Batman Begins?
Do you think that JJ Watt is going to have a good season this year?
Have you heard that a live action Mulan movie is being made?
What is your favorite kind of music?
Do you know Oprah did a voice for a Disney ?
The Rockies are playing the Reds this evening
They're having a sale at the record store downtown, do you want to go with me after we get off work?
Hey! What's your favorite song on the Billboard music charts right now?
What Beatle has the best voice?
What is a really scary movie we could watch?
Do you remember A Goofy Movie?
Have you seen the movie Gifted yet?
What is your favorite Horror movie franchise or one that's always stoodout to you?
What is your all time favorite movie?
I found a really fun Heavy Metal group.
Do you like Pirate's of The Carribean?
What are your favorite types of movies?
What kind of new movies are out.
I really want to watch some good mermaid movies this summer, but I can't think of any.
What was the most recent concert you went to?
Do you like the Beatles?
Have you seen It follows?
Disney has been making some pretty amazing movies lately.
Hi.
Do you know much about the story throughout the Star Wars universe?
So who is your favorite team?
Do you remember that song we used to sing back when we was little
Did you ever have to watch Disney movies in elementary school?
The cubs lost to the brewers today
Weird to think that the Foo Fighters wouldn't exist if Kurt Cobain didn't kill himself.
How do you like my shoes?
A lot of people tend to like the Fast & Furious series for the overall story.
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Who do you think is the greatest QB ever.
What do you think of the newest Star Wars movie, The Force Awakens?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Hey
So, I caught The Void the other night and I'm still trying to figure out what was going on with it?
One of my favorite musicals of all time was, West Side Story.
Remember back a few years ago when everyone had to buy Air Force 1s.
What's one of your favorite 80's movies?
Con Air is one of the best movies of all times, don't you think?
Have you seen any movies made out of Stephen King books?
Who is the first head coach to go this year?
What was the first thriller movie you ever saw?
Do you know what a tonsure is
I'm not sure which ones I have.
What do you think of Tom petty
How did the world series begin anyway? It's so stupid. Oh gee, look. We're gonna play for the world Championship. Oh, look, only the Americans are playing.
What do you think about Mufassa's death?
What does John Lennon's music make you think?
CB's in the league took a bit of a hit last year.
Did you ever listen to KISS?
What are you listening to lately?
What did you think about Simba's voice actor from The Lion King?
I don't know about America.
Have you heard the song Mircles?
What are your favorite songs from Disney movies.
Hey, are you ready for some football?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Have you ever seen Children of the Corn?
What do you think is the top fashion trend on 2017?
There are lots of bad sequels, but what are some good ones?
Did you see that the new Fleet Foxes album came out a few days ago?
I watched that movie Hush last night. I loved it!
What's your favorite movie?
What's going on?
Did you see the Disney movie "Moana"?
Which Michael Myers Halloween movie is your favorite?
What is the first Beatle song you remember listening to?
What do you think of the New Transformers?
Which is your favorite Rocky movie?
What did you think of Insomnia?
What other artists are you a fan of?
If it happened a long, long time ago in a galaxy far, far away......so where are they now?
What was the Disney movie with the singing crab?
Have you seen Moana?
My wife asked me last week if there was anything special I wanted for my birthday next month.
have you heard of Hopsin?
I was listening to an old Green Day CD I found the other day.
Do you prefer the early Beatles or later Beatles?
So, my friend and I are doing a sushi night, and we're looking for music to listen to. Any suggestions?
Which did you think was better, Beauty and the Beast or The Little Mermaid?
Did you hear Lady Gaga's new song?
I heard the Chiefs are looking for a new running back.
Which one of the Disney classic films you like the most?
Luke Skywalker or Han Solo?
Is Novocaine more thrilling or more comedic?
I saw Fast and Furious last night.
We just got back from the House of Blues. Saw a guy there named Gary Clark.
What do you think about the NFL's age limit for the draft?
Are you going to see the live action Beauty and the Beast?
I thought Liam Neeson was in Star Wars, but I guess not.
Do you remember which Fast and Furious didn't have Jordana Brewster?
Hey did you see LCD Soundsystem are playing in LA
the indiana jones movies are the best thign disney has done
Hey man, what's good?
What is the last lady Gaga song that you heard?
So, in Episode one of Star Wars, they said Anakin does not have a dad right.
Did you hear there is a new Frozen movie coming out?
I can't wait for the NFL season to start!
do you know chiodos?
Hey there! What have you been listening to on pandora?
His movies are the best
What is your favorite nostalgic movie?
We're you ever a Sinatra fan?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
What is your favorite song?
I really want to see the movie Get Him to the Greek again!
I heard you hate John Phillip Sousa.
What is your favorite movie of all time?
Hey, who's your favorite director?
Do you have my copy of Gym Class Heroes?
How do you feel about rap music?
Forest Whitaker was so good in Star Wars.
How did you feel about Signs?
Are you a Yankees fans?
Hey man what's up.
Did you any new Ed Sheeran songs?
Hello.
Hey, you ready for some football?
It's crazy to think about the fact that Star Wars has been in theaters for pretty much every generation alive now.
What is the best horror movie of all time?
Who's on 1st.
Want to watch this great Thriller movie with me from 1992 called the Crying Game it's a weird movie i think i seen it already but it was so good.
What is the last movie you saw in the theatre?
Have you heard any new music lately?
Are you under the impression that Hip-Hop and rap are similar, or like the same?
What was your favorite Disney movie growing up?
Do you like to every listen to rock music?
You know who I loved when I was younger?
What kind of movies do you like?
Well I went and saw Friday the 13th.
Hey, what do you think about Jar Jar?
What radio station did you listen to?
I like ANACONDA by Nicki Minaj.
So I went to see the Flaming Lips the other night.
What's your favorite Iron Maiden song?
Do you think it's actually awkward for Raiders fans to support the team, knowing that they're leaving town in a few years?
Do you think The Shining is good?
Were you at the Woodstock Music Festival?
Have you seen Little Mermaid?
I've been saving money so I can take a vacation this summer.
Who do you think is the greatest coach in NFL history?
What do you think about the Steelers for this year?
Who is your favorite jedi master?
Man the Houston Astros are on fire.
Have you ever heard of the movie Rubber?
I think rogue one was sort of cookie cutter
Baseball is a slow sport to me.
Are you a Vincent Price fan?
Did you ever go through a Justin Bieber phase?
Who do you think ends up with the worst record this year
Hi there.
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy?
Do you like foreign films?
Wow, this beat is sick.
I just watched the old movie The Notebook for the first time. Did you ever see it?
Who do you think it the top running back in the league?
Hey, I'm looking to go to Coachella. Do you want to join?
Did you ever listen to any Lil Wayne music?
I was watching Entourage today and want to see more things that Jeremy Piven is in.
I've been searching the internet for the name of a horror movie I saw when I was, like, 5 or 6. But I can't find it anywhere.
Scar is my all-time favorite Disney villain.
Do you like U-2?
Hey football season is coming up, are you excited?
Can you believ it is almost time for the next season of NFL football?
Do you like The Beatles?
What is your favorite Die Hard movie?
What do you like most about Lady Gaga?
Have you ever heard of the Carpenters?
I don't really mind football, Shirley, do you?
Do you like accapella music?
Did you ever see Something About Mary?
well, the western art music, or classical music as many call it, does have odd time signatures. Anything in odd multiples of 3 IS odd.
do you know any movie based on true story?
Who do you think the coolest character in Star Wars is?
Have you seen the movie Arrival?
Are you into movies about space?
What did you think of the new Disney star wars?
I love the Harry Potter books but I'm not sure I want to watch the movies.
What do you think about the Luke Hobbs character?
This w0rld is crazy about fashion.
Are you excited to see the roster for the New York Giants. I know some of them.
Do like the singer Lorde?
Have you ever seen the prestige?
Nirvana was the Beatles of the 90s generation.
Do you listen to pop music?
My car is in the garage again.
Have I told you recently how much I love Lady Gaga?
Hey, who is that playing piano like that?
Who was the winner of the first Super Bowl?
What is your favorite, non jedi/sith character?
I love to plant vegetable gardens!
Are you familar with a type of pop music known as bubble gum music?
Have you heard Lady Gaga's latest album?
I like listening to older music, how about you?
Who do you think wins the NFC West this year.
Who is your most favorite Star Wars side character?
What's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
I want to take my niece to a movie, any suggestions?
Who is your favorite Fast & Furious actor.
Hey
Hi.
What channel are you listening to?
Which animated movie do you think is the best?
Who is Indianapolis Colts coach?
What is some music you are listening to right now?
Did you ever see Who Framed Roger Rabbit?
Hi bro
Would it be cheaper to film a movie abroad?
Well, another lunch and talking about movies.  I rented the movie you recommended last time.
How far is one base from the next?
Do you like Imagine Dragon?
Did you like Finding Nemo?
What was one of your favorite NFL teams?
I want you to tell me quickly what is the best action movie of all time?
I love the Beatles' music so much.
Lady Gaga was on Saturday Night Live last night. Did you see it?
How do you like the Colts this year?
I am so sick of people praising the beatles music
hey what did you think of toy story?
Did you see the game last night between the Cubs and the Yankees?
Hi.
Do you like the Disney movie Freaky Friday?
Have you  been paying attention to the news coming from the all team practices?
What is your favorite Godfather movie?
I saw on Facebook that you watched Inside Out last night.
Who is the scariest person in Star Wars?
So I watched Split the other day.
We're going to watch She Wore a Yellow Ribbon tonight. Want to join us?
We are looking for a family friendly movie
Do you like blues music.
I don't think I've seen a good superhero movie since The Dark Knight.
I have been listening to the top 40 playlist on Spotify; it's great!
I just love the Little Mermaid, it's my favorite Disney movie!
Isn't it cute that Sarah Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze Jr. are still married?
Lion's King is the best Disney movie of all time.
Are you ready for another Cavs Warriors finals?
I wish their were movies like the old ones
What do you think about Bruno Mars?
Did you like Venom as a villain?
Were you ever a fan of the Nightmare on Elm Street series?
What was the saddest Disney movie?
Hey User 2 have you been watching the NBA playoffs?
What do you think will be the general plot of Star Wars Episode 8?
I'm a big action movie fan,how about you?
Do you listen to Malinda Kathleen Reece?
What movie do you have the most memories of from a kid?
What is your favorite Ben Stiller movie?
What's your favorite Run-DMC song?
Did you seen Moana disney movie yet?
Where are you watching the upcoming game?
Have you seen the Avengers movie?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Are you still a big NFL fan?
What kind of puppy are you planning to get?
So how often do you play baseball here with your friends?
How's it going? We're having a Superbowl party in a couple of weeks ypu wanna come?
I read an interesting fact about Liam Neeson today.
Do you like the new Disney movies better, like Brave, or the older ones, like The Little Mermaid?
What was your favorite Star Wars Villain?
What did you think of the movie Power Rangers?
How do you feel about the Olympics The NHL not allowing players to go?
I love star wars
What does Ursula want in The Little Mermaid?
What's some good rap to listen to?
Who is your favorite pop singer and why?
What do you think of the way music is going?
Do you remember Tupac?
I just saw the new Beauty and the Beast movie and it was amazing!
have you seen Central Intelligence?
Have you heard of Ayreon?
I just saw a Facebook memory the other day from high school. It was about some Scene/Emo bands I used to listen to.
What is the difference between a thriller movie and a horror movie?
What ya up to?
Hi
Curious did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Do you remember when Metallica didn't suck?
Reservoir Dogs, how did I just find out about this gem?
what do you think of aerosmith?
What's your favorite David Fincher movie?
Have you seen Django Unchained?
DID YOU HEARD ABOUT THE MOVES SNATCHED?
Seen any good films lately?
I can't stand today's music. Have you found anything worth listening to?
Hey, what good music have you been listening to lately?
What decade of music can you relate to most?
Have you heard of Toy Story 4 coming out?
Spaceballs was a good movie, wasn't it?
Have you ever seen a good kung fu movie?
Did you see the match between the Blues and the Preds?
Have you seen Moana yet?
Did I ever tell you about seeing Dumbo as a kid.
Have you ever heard of the band Boston?
I was shocked last year when Carrie Fisher said she had an affair with Harrison Ford.
Have you seen the new Pirates of The Caribbean movie that just came out?
Have you heard of Wax?
Do you remember ET?
Who is your favorite rock group?
Have you read sports illustrated articles on their NFL predictions?
I saw A Tribe Called Quest at FYF this year. They were incredible.
Hey you ever heard of Tech 9
Do you like monsters inc?
You've seen a lot of NFL games--what's the best game you've ever seen?
So, what type of movies are you into?
Do you like the Coen brothers films?
Hey man have you seen the new Alien movie yet
Hello
Do you remember the red guards in Return of the Jedi
Do you listen to music much?
I've always wanted to go to a Superbowl game.
Do you prefer The Little Mermaid or Beauty and the Beast?
Do you remember when Wayne Gretzky used to play?
Hi
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Have you ever seen Hancock?
What do you think was one of the most controversial plays to happen in the NFL
Who was the best Batman in your opinion?
Are you excited for football?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Have you seen the movie Spinal Tap?
Have you ever listened to Kidrock?
Have you seen the latest Star Wars movie?
Did you watch all Fast and Furious movies?
I think that Wu-Tang Clan are the best rap group of all time.
What do you think of these live versions of musicals NBC keeps doing?
I heard you like jazz
One time I was with this guy, riding back home in his truck.
What are you doing Labor Day weekend?
What is your very favorite movie?
Hey
Have you seen Night of The Living Dead?
Hey, so you like rap, right?
Do you ever listen to Mogwai?
Wonder woman was great.
what is a little know fact about a song?
Hey what are the best actions movies that everybody should see?
Do you know who the fab four are?
Did you go out to see the Elvis Costello concert last week?
What's your least favorite Marvel movie?
The season is nearly about to come. I really can't wait any longer
Hey did you watch the new wonder woman movie?
Have you seen any comedies from the 1990s?
What is your favorite movie?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
So do you like Elton John.
I just saw Old Yeller.
I just saw A Hard Day's Night on TV. I had forgotten how many good songs where in it.
Hey there, how have you been?
Who do you think is the funniest Star Wars character?
Do you like Billy Joel?
hey, football season's about to start
What's your favorite scene in The Little Mermaid?
Did you ever see the movie the Sandlot?
I need a new band to listen to
Have you ever listened to The Grateful Dead?
Lets talk about happy rap
I rewatched The Little Mermaid over the weekend.
How important is music in your life?
Are you ready for some football this year?
Have you seen the movie "Big Bad Wolves"?
Hey what do you think about the Red Sox pitching situation.
What is the best run NFL franchise, would you say?
Hey are you a classical music fan?
Yo you see that Columbus Cottonmouths game?
Who is your favorite female pop artist right now?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
I hate the movie Mean Girls.
How would you rate Billy Joel as a performer?
Hey bro what are you watching?
Have you heard about the new movie from Kumail Nanjiani?
What about thay Javier Bardem?
When was the first time you saw Star Wars?
I really can't wait for the new Star Wars movie, coming out soon.
Do you like to watch movies?
The fast & Furious Franchise lost a great friend when Paul Walker died.
What ever happened to Lorde?
hey what are you doing tonight?
Did you hear about Marshawn Lynch coming back to the NFL?
Why is it that every time I come into your room, you are listening to some 80's song?
Whos your favorite artist.
What do the Beatles and the Jackson 5 have in common?
The happiest part of the movies for me is the epilogue, seeing everyone send their kids off on the train and everything is calm.
I think David Johnson is the best running back in the NFL
Two of my favorite Pop singers are Ricki Lee Jones and Billy Beater.
What's your opinion on 'Believer?'
Are you a fan of Harry Potter movies?
I was thinking the other day about Beatles music and a discussion between my husband and my son from a previous marriage.
Do you think Von MIller will be the sack leader?
You know, it's true what they say: The music you grew up is the music that stays with you throughout your life.
There are so many things to like about Star Wars - I'm talking about the original.
I am watching this really weird movie
So do you think they will keep having success on the Fast and Furious movies without Paul Walker?
Did you see the movie The Last Song?
I honestly feel like Eminem is a walking symbol of drama.
Who was your favorite musician or band in high school?
Ready for the Patriots to win another Superbowl?
So what kind of music do you listen to?
Have you ever seen Heartbreak Ridge?
Do you listen to Insane Clown Posse?
How are the Rolling Stones still around?
What are your thoughts on the AFC West for next season?
Hey what song is this playing
What's your favorite western movie ever?
Did you know Harrison Ford originally wasn't going to be in the series?
Have you seen any good Sci fi movies lately ?
Hey, what's up?
Is there a worse divison in the NFL than the AFC South?
Hey there!  I was just going to ask you if you've heard of Skylar Grey?
How many games do you think the Miami Dolphins will win next season?
Who wins the East this year?
How powerful do you think Dumbledore really is?
I really like pop music. do you listen to Rihanna?
I have the best action film for you.
What did you think about Cinderella's fairy god mother
I watched the whole Harry Potter series again this weekend.
Do you think that The Last Jedi is going to repeat The Empire Strikes Back?
Did you like Van Halen?
Do you think the NFL should favor expansion?
Have you seen Wonder Woman?
So where do you find the hip hop artists you listen to?
I just heard the best news. There's going to be a sequel to Unbreakable.
Okay, now it's your turn... what are some covers YOU like?
Have you seen any of the batman films?
Where do you think the league goes from here?
Did you get a chance to watch the flash on netflix yet?
What about them Cowboys?
The Little Mermaid was not a very good movie.
Do you listen to country music?
Did you see the basketball game last night?
Dude did you see Super Troopers?
Did you like N Sync's performane at the VMAs in 2000?
What's the most recent Marvel movie you've seen?
Which actor portrayed the Joker the best?
Have you seen any good comedies lately?
Do you know when the Saints first game is for the season.
What do you think of Rap as a whole.
What was your favorite Disney movie growing up?
Hey, did you watch the Warrior/Spurs game last night?
Hey, can we listen to the Frozen soundtrack?
What's a good movie to make me laugh?
hey neighbor
So I'm thinking Jared Leto is the best Joker yet.
Let's talk about pop music
Do you prefer single rappers or rap groups.
do you like the south park movie
What's your least favorite genre of movies? I know you love them, but you have to hate some, too.
I don't think the Empire is really the bad guys in Star Wars. What do you think?
Did you see The Princess and the Frog?
Heard any decent new rock bands lately
Hey what do you think about the Patriots?
Have you ever seen the Wizard of Oz?
Did you ever see the Matrix?
I finally watched Up like you told me and I cried!
What are you listening to right now?
What was the last movie you saw in theaters?
Would you like to watch Under the Tuscan Sun?
Hey have you heard about the new jay z album?
Do you now what one of my favorite Travolta movies is?
Do you like the older Disney movies or the newer versions?
That was horrible! What happened to action films?
What is your favirote funny movie?
And what about Lady Gaga? You like her?
What's the next Disney movie to come out?
Hey man, what do you think of Deftones?
Seen any good movies lately?
You interested in Jingle All The Way?
What do you think of the first Fast and Furious movie?
Some thrillers, while not necessarily great, can also just go down as being fun. Case in point, From Dusk Till Dawn.
Do you like Garth Brooks?
Have you sen the new Wonder Women movie?
What did you think of Fate of the Furious?
Have you heard of C418?
What did you think of Gravity?
What do you think of Ed Sheeran?
I just watch Super Bad for the first time.
I am a big fan of Lady Gaga.
I heard you say you are not a big Disney movie fan.
Hey, what do you think of that new song by The Chainsmokers, "It Won't Kill Ya?"
Do you like shania twain?
Hi, what do you think about the Beatles?
What do you think ever happened to Sid?
The all-time best action movie ever made is actually a remake. It's The Magnificent Seven.
Did you go to the Wind Symphony concert last night?
Who is your favorite character from the original trilogy?
Hi
What was your favorite Christmas movie?
Do you listen to Childish Gambino?
Did you know they released Cars 3 recently?
Do you like Mariah Carey?
Have you seen any good scarry movies lately?
I heard a song on the radio today, but I don't know who sings it.
Man the late seventies sucked; it was all Disco Music all the time.
Alright, who's your pick for Superbowl this year.
Have you been to any baseball games recently?
How do you feel about soundtracks in movies?
So, what did you think of  Rogue One?
The new Ghostbusters movie was some kind of awful.
You're telling me that a healthy San Antonio or Houston couldn't at least make the series competitive?
Have you seen all the Star Wars movies?
Did you like the Avengers?
There are several teams that have never played in the SUPER BOWL.
Who was a better song writer, Lennon or McCarthy
do you like halsey
I never thought I would cry during a Disney movie.
I'm excited about the Los Angeles Lakers' future.
Did you watch Baywatch the movie?
Who is your favorite female artist?
Have you seen the Sixth Sense before?
I'm going to see Guardians of the Galaxy volume 2, would you like to come?
What is the most popular rap song in the country right now?
Do you like music Awards?
Hey you! What's crackin?
What is your favorite movie?
What's your favorite rock group ?
Have you ever seen the Sharknado movies?
Have you seen the Shining?
Have you ever heard of the band Nirvana.
If you can only choose one hip-hop artist to listen to ,who is it gonna be?
You going to the show?
I just saw Fast & Furious 6.
Have you seen The Silence of the Lambs?
Hey, how did you like that Carolina game last night?
Who is your favorite comic actor?
What was your top scene with Darth Vader in all of the Star Wars movies?
Do you know the Oklahoma City Thunder?
I love Iron Man.
Did you like the Chargers move to Los Angeles?
Have you seen Wall-E?
Who do you think is the greatest guitarist of all time?
I really enjoy how Ron matures throughout the series
Did you watch teh game between the Warriors and Spurs last night?
Did you watch the game between the Pens and Capitals?
Have you seen Ninja Assassin?
Is it time for some football yet?
My daughter bought me a mix of song by Frank Sinatra for my birthday.
Hey what time is it?
Hi.
Have you seen the two new Star Wars movies?
I saw the new Transformers movie last night.
listen to that new e40 have you heard it?
Hey, have you heard the new song by the Foo Fighters?
Did you know mary poppins was a disney movie?
Hey, who are you most looking forward to seeing play this year?
Have you heard that new Sam Hunt song?
What's your favorite movie?
What's your favorite classic rock band?
Hey, do you watch Ice Hockey?
So, which Harry Potter movie is your favorite?
Do you like Britney Spears?
Did you watch the NFL Special Documentary?
Think Adrian Peterson is going to be good on the Saints?
Do you like older music
Do you like Raiders of the Lost Arc?
Do you like Pirate of the Caribean movies?
Do you like the Star Wars movies?
I have a movie to recommend to you.
Do you like the band Echosmith?
Have you ever heard of a band called Weatherbox?
How do think the Steelers will do this year?
Do you like Led Zeppelin?
What's your favorite movie?
Hey, have you heard that new Katy Perry Song?
Hard to believe football starts in less than two months.
Who is your favorite rap group of all time?
Speaking of movies, what is your favorite comedy?
What was your favorite fast and furious movie?
DO you see horror film?
So, what was your favorite Star Wars movie?
Do you think LeBron retires this season?
Did you ever like Michael Jackson?
What do you think was Lady Gaga's first time on TV?
You know what my favorite potter scene was?
Have you listened to many alternate recordings of Beatles songs?
The Western Conference Finals is finally set.
I'm trying to decide which Christmas songs to use for the party.
Do you like the newer Lady Gaga stuff?
Do you like the music of the Beatles?
Have you seen all of the Harry Potter movies?
Did you see the collaboration with Keith Urban and Carrie Underwood?
I'm really confused about the NFL and its TV schedule.
What was one of your favorite movies when you were a kid?
How many movies do you go see in a year?
Hi.
Hey, what're you up to today?
So what movies are you interested in for this year?
I want to have a Star Wars movie marathon.
I heard a song by the Traveling Wilburys today.
Who do you have making the playoffs this year?
Have you been to the movies recently?
So who do you think will win the Cup?
There was a new article yesterday about an interview with Louis Tomlinson, who used to be in One Direction.
Hi.
How often do you like to watch NFL football?
What's the most important part of any rock band?
Who is your favorite team?
Everyone seems to have a different opinion on their favorite Beatles album.
i just bought the Frozen soundtrack.
Did you see the game between the Cardinals and the Marlins the other night on ESPN?
Of the Beatles' later albums, which is your favorite?
So you seen any good Disney movies lately?
Why is the Pro Bowl so bad?
Is movies good to talk about?
Do you like scary movies or thrillers more?
Can you recommend a good comedy for me to watch tonight?
Man i want to make a new type of music
Which is the better Madlib collaboration album: Madvillainy or Piñata?
Did you ever see Crash?
Do you know of an album called "Rock Is Dead—Long Live Rock" by The Who?
Have you hear of the band Massive Attack?
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie yet?
Did you like Peter Pan?
What is your favorite band?
Man i do not get it
What have you been listening to lately?
I feel like all of Disney's direct to DVD sequels are a waste of time.
I really love Carlos Santana.
Hey
Have you listened to anything good lately?
What is your favorite genre of music?
Have you ever seen fight club?
The Wonder Woman movie looks really good.
Ozzy sure hasn't aged well.
Have you seen the new Vin Diesel movie?
Have you heard any recent music?
What is your favorite movie?
What do you think of the old boy bands from the 90s?
What is your least favorite thing about the NFL?
Do you have a favorite Beatle?
I love the Cubs!
Which is better, Atlantis or Treasure Planet?
How excited are you for the season this year?
Who is your favorite character from the Force Awakens?
Have you seen any of the John Wick movies?
Who do you like better, R2-D2 or BB-8?
Hey have your heard about the latest StarBomb album?
Are you into comedy movies?
Guess who I got to see in concert last week!
Have you seen Moana yet?
Tell me which star wars movie is your least favorite.
I can't wait for the upcoming season! The Pats have a scrimmage in just about two weeks.
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Imagine what it would like in the Star Wars universe. What if you're a regular guy who just finds a light saber on the ground.
What genre of music do you like most?
Greatest  Disney movie of all time for me would be Cinderella! What would be your favorite?
Who do you think is the best musician ever?
What do you think of Blink -182
Have you heard the new Octagon?
Have you listened to Taylor Swift lately?
What is your favorite classic movie?
Hi
I am a huge fan of Disney movies.  How about yourself?
Do you consider U2 Classic Rock?
What’s your favorite music genre?
Have you ever seen Gone with the Wind?
Do you like thriller movies?
So what will the Patriots do to cheat this year?
I know you're a big comedy fan. Which comedy have you watched the most times?
Wreck it Ralph is one of my favorite recent Disney movies. Did you know part 2 is coming out next year?
This new album I just bought is so good.
I wish I could be shrunk like they did in that movie from Disney.
Who are your favorite bands or artists?
what's your favorite artist?
Do you like of Monsters and Men?
Hey do you like the Beatles?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Are you a football fan?
Which is your favorite classic Disney princess movie, Cinderella or Snow White?
Do you listen to Lady Gaga?
Do you remember the Sand People from Star Wars?
have you seen any good movies lately?
Do you prefer the new Star wars, the old Star Wars or the ones in the middle?
I just watched Frozen for the first time.
Do you remember how great Disney Channel Original Movies were?
Do you watch Disney movies?
Hi
What do you think about the new Rappers that have come out lately.
I was looking at Fantasy Football strategy for this year and it's hard to tell who are the top running backs in the NFL this year.
Do you like Ozzy Osborne?
Have you seen the original Blade Runner?
What do you think of Eminem?
What is your all-time favorite Lady Gaga song?
Did you ever get a chance to watch Tarzan?
Are you ready for the NFL to return?
What do the think of today's musical artists?
Yes officer, I was visiting my friend Eleanor Rigby who lives on Penny Lane.
Who's your favourite NFL team?
Hey, are you going to see the new Star Wars movie this December?
Did you see the Orioles game yesterday?
There is a new horror movie out.
Want to talk about movies
Have you heard about MLB agreement with Facebook?
Hello.
What are examples of wrong teams being in the playoffs?
Hey Fred, have you heard that new song by "Papa Roach"?
Are you coming over Wednesday?
Who did you vote for this year?
Are you ever listening to rock?
Do you remember the romantic comedy Just Friends from 2005?
My heart has been hurting this week. I have been thinking of Toby Mac's song When Love Broke Though.
Hi there.
You know what I was listening to in the car yesterday?
What do you think about this summer's fashion?
Do you know what the total box office earnings for all nine of the Star Wars movies has been?
You like Queen?
Do you like Parma Lee
I finally watched 10 Cloverfield Lane.
Remember that Wilson Phillips song from Harold and Kumar?
Lauren Conrad just released a new line of clothes.
What are your top 5 favorite movies?
Hi.
Hi there! How are you doing today?
Hey, who is playing tonight?
Hey.
Who is your favorite NFL team?
I didn't really like Katy Perry until I saw The Interview.
Did you know that the new Beauty and the Beast movie recently came out on Blu Ray and DVD?
ave you ever gone to a football game in Philadelphia?
Do you like the Beatles' experimental phase?
What was the first album you ever beought for yourself?
You know what else needs more information?
Lady and the Tramp is one of my all time favorite movies.
Do you know if the movie Abattoir is good?
Have you been following the New York Yankees this season?
Yo man?
What city is the hotbed of the indie scene right now?
What would you consider the greatest rap group
Do you know how some bands play the same songs as other bands?
Whats your favorite Incubus album?
Do you think Baywatch is going to be good?
Did you like the terminator Genysis?
Do you ever listen to the Beatles?
HAVE YOU SEEN THE VIDEO GOSPEL LEGENDS  SINGER?
Did you see the game last night?
Have you heard of BTS?
Did you know that the disney movie Cinderella was released in 1950?
Is Tom Brady the best ever?
Hey, the angles are I town.did you see the game last night?
What's the most underrated Fast & Furious movie, in your opinion?
Who is your favorite actress?
Today was the 40th anniversary of Star Wars.
What is youtr favorite team?
Did you watch the Billboard Music Awards?
did you see pokemon 2
So who is your favorite NFL team these days?
Suggest a decent thriller movie to me.
Are you familiar with Alkaline?
I liked the original Star Wars movies much better than the prequels.
What are your thoughts on Robert Downey, Jr. as Holmes?
What is your favorite gangster movie?
what type of music do you just love
What teams do you think are going to the Super Bowl this year ?
I went to that new restaurant last night and the foodbwas great.
I'm going to defend Justin Bieber.
What was the name of lady Gagas last album.
Wow, I can't believe the original Star Wars movie is 40 years old!
Did you know Jay-Z has a new album coming out tomorrow?
Hey Bo, did you by chance record that football game from a few days ago.
Have you been listening to any good pop music lately?
I still can't believe Hillary lost to that jerk. We could have had our first woman president.
Is Lady Gaga coming out with a new album?
What kind of rock music do you prefer
Do you think Eli Manning is better then his brother?
Are you a fan of The Rolling Stones?
Hey.
Which designer designs the best handbags?
Have you ever seen Back to the Beach?
What do you think of Rey in the star wars movies?
Are you planning to see the new Wonder Woman movie?
Hey man
Did you see The Empire Strikes Back?
Hello
Whatcha listening to?
What Philadelphia Eagle's coach do you like the most?
So did you hear that U2 has been touring their Joshua Tree album?
did you like the new Nine inch nails songs
Do you like Abbey Road?
You know what they need to remake?  Lethal Weapon.
Which Lady Gaga song is your favorite?
Who won the series between the Oilers and the Ducks?
Hi!  NFL football is about to begin again, I can't wait.
Do you remember The Sword and the Stone?
Do you like the Lumineers?
Do you think Drew Bres is going to catch Peyton Manning's touchdown reccord?
What's the wirst horror film you've ever seen?
I've noticed a dramatic change in pop music.
I really hate my job
How do you feel about Neil Diamond
What Lady Gaga songs do you like?
Hey man! Did you see where the Jacksonville Jaguars signed Tim Tebow to replace Bortles?
What do you think of Despacito?
Hey, are you looking forward to the NFL season!
I watched an interesting movie last night.
Are you a fan of Will Ferrell movies at all?
I can't wait to see the next movie!
Do you like sports movies?
Do you like opera?
So who is your favorite NFL player of all time?
What are some of your favorite bands that have slid into obscurity?
Did you like the thriller Seven?
Have you heard dan and shay?
It's amazing how much the rock genre has grown over the years.
Who is the best quarterback in the NFL currently?
I absolutely love country music
Do you know if Rick Ross is working on a new album?
What brad pitt movie is your favorite?
What did you think about Fast 8?
How do you prefer to watch movies?
Do you have to watch the Star Wars movies in order?
Is Splash Mountain in Disneyland based on any movie?
What do you think of jazz music?
Which NFL teams do you think will make it to the Super Bowl in 2018?
There's a lot of traffic today because of the NCAA finals.
My favorite Beatle is Ringo because I like his voice.
Do you like the Indiana Jones series?
Have you heard Lady Gaga's latest? I can't get enough.
How is your day going thus far?
Do you remember watching the Lion King?
Do you know if Kirk Cousins and the Redskins ever struck a deal?
Can you believe how long Star Wars has existed?
Have you ever seen the movie Blue Streak?
Okay, so, I saw a friend of mine once at the local park.  Him and his band were performing various songs including some tunes by the Beatles.
Did you know that the name Joanne came from Lady Gaga's aunt?
Who do you think is the nicest player in the NFL?
What's your favorite genre of music?
What did you think of the Fast & Furious movies?
Did you see the latest Fast and The Furious movie
Are you going to see Wonder Woman?
What's the name of the first Star Wars movie?
How often do you watch movies?
Are you looking forward to seeing Wonder Woman?
Who do you think is the worst NFL team?
Have you seen The Departed?
so when am i getting my money
I want to watch a newer movie tonight. Can you recommend one?
I need some suggestions for how to spice up my party this weekend.
So what is your favorite kind of music?
Have you seen BORN THIS WAY?
Are you familiar with Paul Gilbert's music?
I think the Cardinals are the best NFL team.
Who has the best grass in baseball?
Do you like Radiohead?
What's your favorite brand at the moment?
Did you see the movie gone girl?
What is the first rock band you ever heard of
What British band do you think more Americans should be listening to?
Did you see Alladdin?
How do you think the Lions will do this season?
Do you like the band nirvana?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
I heard the movie has some great effects?
Do you think what Madison Bumgarner did was not right?
Have you seen any of the Clone Wars series?
Dont Breathe is such a good film.
How do you feel about the players wearing pink this weekend?
Do you ever listen to the Beatles?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I just met a very handsome NFL player.
What is your favorite Beatles song?
I just saw Wreck-It Ralph and it has to be my new favorite movie!
Did you ever see Fight Club?
Who is your favorite rock band?
What do you think about Bruno Mars?
Have you seen any good movies recently?
I'm getting married and we don't know what song to choose as our first dance; any suggestions?
I liked hip hop back in the day, you know the grandmaster flash era?
I got a gift from my mom, of movie tickets
Have you seen the new star wars movie?
What's your favorite rock band?
Have you seen the new movie, A Dog's Purpose?
Have you heard my new Bose speakers?
Which metal singer is your favorite?
hi gubis
My favorite Tupac song always been "Keep Your Head Up" because he was speaking highly about women in urban America
oh man, i just saw The Dark Knight again.
So, what are some of your favorite funny lines in Star Wars?
Did you see any of the star wars movies?
The Royals have been terrible this year.
Do you remember the Joss Whedon movie, Cabin in the Woods?
Hey, man? One more month with no football!
Let's talk about the beatles
Do you have any NFL predictions?
Toy Story has gone too far.
I want to watch an action movie that is about sports.
lady gaga has alot of good tunes
This might be the final season we see Larry Fitzgerald and Carson Palmer play together for the Arizona Cardinals.
When was the country music band Little Big Town formed?
Hey, can I have my Alkaline Trio cd back?
What did you think of Jabba the Hutt as a villain?
Can anyone stop the Rangers right now?
Hey there, seen any good movies lately?
Have you heard? Caesar is back!
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
Did you see the gowns at the Met Gala this year?
Who is the best Manning?
What band have you been listening to recently?
What is the most recent movie you have seen?
What do you like to listen to when you exercise.
Good Morning.
Yea, I am not sure about the Seahawks. I believe more in the Patriots.
Do you like disney movies?
What's the greatest movie of all time?
Speaking of post rock, another group you might like is Mogwai.
What is the song that uses hand noise for the background music of the song?
Did you ever hear of the band The Velvet Underground?
What is your favorite Disney cartoon musical?
Did you ever watch Tangled?
What is your favorite moment in all of 'Star Wars' history?
Did you ever see Lady Gaga at the Supoerbowl at haltime?
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
I can't wait for the NFL season to start!
I am amazed at the number of singers who sung or sing message music.
If you could only watch one movie for the rest of your life what would it be ?
Who is your favorite character in Star Wars?
Do you like Holiday movies?
I just saw the Manchuian Candidate for the first time.
I just do not like Marvel movies.
What does Star Wars even mean?
did you like yeezus?
So I recently tried to reanalyze "No Country for Old Men" and I must say the film is truley a piece of art.
My sister and I never agreed on movies. She liked Disney, I like Depp, except in Disney.
I heard they got a new director for Episode VIII.
do you have a favorite song by gaga?
My favorite Disney sidekick is definitely Mushu.
Hey what do you think about the Saints signing Peterson?
What are some modern classical music genres that I might like?
Metallica has 3.4 million follwers on twitter
Do you like Coheed and Cambria?
I bought a cd yesterday with so many good older songs on it.
What's the most unusual place you've ever seen a Disney movie?
Aww man, you are playing my music.
This fall is the new NFL season are you ready?
Hey, are you a fan of Disney movies?
Have you ever seen Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
What are your plans for the evening?
So tell me, what era of rock music do you think was the best?
Where did you go on Sunday?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
So, what the heck is "shoegaze" anyway?
Do you want to go to the gym?
What's your favorite rock group?
Who are some of the legendary coaches in NFL history?
What is your favorite thirller movie?
Do you ever listen to Earl Sweatshirt's music?
I've been listening to a lot of Panic! At The Disco lately, I really dig them.
Do you remember the first Karate Kid?
Have you been to see the movie Sing?
Do you think football players are making too much money these days?
So how well do you think the Redskins will do this year?
Have you seen any good Disney movies lately?
So what team do you think is favorite for this NFL season?
How bad is the slide rule in your view?
I love how the Beatles always wrote their own material. They were the ultimate songwriters.
Hey do you know who owns the Steelers franchise.
Over the years, what has bene your favorite Disney franchise?
Who would you say had the most recognizable voice in Aladdin?
What do you think about instant replay?
Don't you think Beatles are one of the greatest music band ever?
Would you say that Reba McEntire is the queen of country music?
So at the weekend I was trying to find a film to watch with all the family, and I settled on "The Best of Laurel and Hardy".
I really can't stand violent rap lyrics.
Did you ever watch "Kill Bill"?
Have you listened to any Belle and Sebastian?
I seen the best movie of the year!!!!!
Do you think Disney will every make another Fantasia?
Do you like Kings of Leon?
Did you ever see Shivers?
What do you consider "rock" music?
Hey, what's going on with you?
What station do you listen to on the radio?
Do you think Ursula was really bad?
Do you like listening to Lady Gaga?
Alright wannabe smart guy. Tell me how Debussy 'employed" a musical device called pentatonic scales in his creative process.
What do you think of the Beatles?
Just watched Harry Potter, there are some things that do not add up about the first one.
Here's the thing, Batman Returns is a crime drama and its success as a film hinges on that fact.
So what do you think about the MVP race this year?
What are you listening to?
Hi.
Have you seen Deadpool?
Do you want to go see the Pirates of the Caribbean movie with me?
Did you see the new Fast and Furious movie?
Hey Pete, what's you favorite band?
Will there be a race in the NFC South next year?
Did you see Wonder Woman?
Have you listened to that new Metallica album yet?
Do you think the cardinals will be any good this year?
We watched Finding Dory last week.
What is your guilty pleasure movie
I can never get enough of that movie.
Do you like the first set of Star Wars movies, or the recent ones best?
So who were you rooting for in the Super Bowl last year?
Do you listen to Latin music?
What are the Pens chances against the Senators?
My co-worker's favorite singer is Diana Ross.
What do you think about the Harry Potter movies?
My favorite STAR WARS character is R2-D2.
Did you ever watch Super Bowl VI?
Did you hear that Olivia Newton John's cancer has come back?
I'm really looking forward to these conference final series.
It's hard to beleive that Snape was a good guy that whole time.
what do you think of miley cyrus
I miss hair metal from the '80s. There's just nothing quite like it being made nowadays.
Let's try something music-related.
So, what's your opinion on the NFL as a company?
Are you going to see that new Tupac movie?
What was the most disgusting movie you've ever seen?
I'm not as much of a hater on the changes Lucas put into the remasters.
What's up?
I watched the most elegant gangster movie the other day, if you can imagine such a thing.
Have you seen the movie Fast Five?
Have you ever written a movie?
The 1975 are a great band.
You know what I miss? Eighties music.
Did you see the last Eagles game?
I need to learn how to do blast beats
I just bought Lady Gaga's new album.
I wish I had a fast broom.
Have you ever heard of The Beatles?
I really like the seahawks
Did you see the Celtics and Wizards last night?
OMG i love this song
Do you enjoy Harry Styles albums?
You watching the NBA draft tonight?
Do you ever watch anime movies?
I am so disapointed in Disney
Man I think ludacris has lost his touch
So, tell me about some of your favorite music bands.
Want to talk about nfl
Who is that one band that used to have Wes Borland?
My husband and I watched "Maleficent" last night.
What is a good love movie?
What is your favorite Disney movie? Mine is The Lion King.
They have three great albums
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
Are you enjoying the NBA playoffs so far?
I'm hoping the superhero movie genre does not get stale.
I am getting excited about football season.
Hey, a group of my friends and I were having a discussion on the best female pop singers of all time. Who would you put up there?
Hey have you been watching the NBA playoffs?
Did you see Bad Moms?
What's the deal with all the desert planet scenes in Star Wars?
I love the Jason Bourne franchise.
Hey do you watch any baseball?
What do you think of the latest Star Wars Movie?
I wish it was September already.
whats up dude
What are your favorite Snape moments?
i cannot get this song out of my head.
Have you seen Blood Sport the movie?
Okay, who is your favorite 80's rock bad still performing today?
Here we go.  Have you ever heard of the band Phish?
Have you heard the latest Childish Gambino album?
What is your favorite kind of music?
Gaston is my favorite?
Don't you love Daisy Ridley
Did you ever see the movie The Cutting Edge?
What kind of music do you like?
Lynard Skynard was from Alabama.
Do you like Tyler, the Creator?
did you like frozen?
do you like fall out boy
What is your favorite Will Ferrell movie?
Good morning.
Do you like any movies that are going to come out this summer?
I just watched the Phantom Menace on TV last night.
Hey sis, it's almost time for some NFL watching.
What do you think of pop music?
Have you heard DAMN. by Kendrick Lamar?
What are your thoughts about the remake of Beauty and the Beast that came out this year?
Did you see last night's basektball game?
Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy yet?
Did you see the new Paul Blart Mall Cop movie?
The most glorious feeling in the world is the feeling you get on Sunday morning in September.
Hoy
Do you have a favorite Disney movie?
I love comedy movies, what do you think of them?
What have you thought of the NBA playoffs?
What do you think about the Jedi in Star Wars?
I'm so tired of them making sequels and remakes of every movie.
The 90's had some pretty decent mainstream rap...
What's your opinion on 90's music?
What is the best movie you have seen recently?
Don't know about you, but I loved the new Killswitch Engage album.
I wish Disney would make more movies like The Prince Of Persia.
Hey dude, have you heard of Prong?
Did you watch the Julia Robert's movie, "Secret in Their Eyes?"
Let us talk about the Fast and the Furious.
Hey, have you ever seen the movie Susicide Squad?
I don't really know what to make of Bluegrass.
My mom's favorite character is Jar Jar binks.
What should we do tonight?
Who do you think will be in the NBA Finals?
what do you think about lee William ?
So you didn't like Elf!?
Die hard 1 will always be one of my favorite action movies!
Have you heard that Disney is doing a remake of Mulan?
I love listening to music.
How many different types of music do you think there are?
Are you excited for the NFL season to begin?
Ah it's movie night tonight.My husband and I take turns picking the genre.
That's quite a movie collection you have there!
What do you think about Taylor Swift?
Hey, what's the best movie you've seen lately?
Hey babe lets do a movie marathon tonight with some martial arts movies
Bambi was the saddest Disney movie ever.
Have you noticed how movies go in groups as to what is popular at the moment?
Which band is better, the Beatles or the Rolling Stones?
Have you seen salt?
I really think some of disneys movies are poor
Hey
What did you think about Tony Stark's choice to attack without his suit in the third movie
What do you think of the group called Enigma?
I feel like watching the old Disney movie Mulan again.
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song? Mine is Telephone.
So I have watched the new Beauty and the Beast like seven times already.
I really enjoy comedies
haveyou seen the movies shacks?
Did you catch that new Wolverine movie?
Do you like Bleachers?
Why did Han go to Tokyo?
Did you ever get a chance to see the new Fast and Furious movie?
Hey did you watch the new wonder woman movie?
Have you heard the new song called Symphony by Clean Bandit?
You like the Anchorman movies?
Hey, who's your favorite Beatle?
Hey, who is your favorite person to see live?
They keep killing it
Can you believe Harden's beard and hair do?
Do you watch superhero movies?
What NFL stadium is the coolest?
So what's going on with DC movies?
What parts were the scariest?
Want to get the kids together for a movie this weekend?
Are you a fan of Lil Wayne?
When does the NFL season start?
I just saw this new movie the Pirates of the Caribbean, have you seen the others?
MTV used to be awesome.
People say Star Wars was all made up as it went, and it kind of was, but a lot of things were actually planned way ahead of time.
Have you ever seen Aladdin?
Whats your favorite Disney movie
Have you seen any good action movies?
Have you seen Fast & Furious?
Have you ever seen The Little Mermaid?
What was your favorite Bond movie?
So, what teams do want to see in the next Super Bowl?
I seen this movie last night in the handy thinking about you
Have you seen the movie Juno?
Have you ever heard of the Strokes?
Have you heard anything about this new character that's getting introduced in The Last Jedi?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
So, have you seen the movie The Boondock Saints?
How old where you the first time you heard hip hop?
I remember going to see Love Story when it came out in 1970.
In your opinion, who is the best female pop singer right now?
Captain America is an interesting character
I can see the NBA decreasing playoff teams soon
What do you think was the best time period for comedy movies?
Did you see Brave in theater?
Please tell me what the big deal is about Jason Robert Brown.
Are you going to watch the Boston vs. Cleveland game tonight?
What did you think of that movie where Batman and Superman fought each other?
Remember Todd Marinovich?
Do you watch horror movies?
What do you think the NFL needs to change?
Do you like Katy perry?
Do you watch a lot of NFL games?
Do you like Adele?
Are you a Harry Potter fan?
Do you ever listen to the beatles
am having a feeling nicky minaj might not show up on today's street show
You know what kind of music I'm getting into now?
So have you chosen a song for your wedding dance yet?
So, what is this - football?
How do you feel about music
Do you remember the "Brat Pack"?
Lets talk about the fast and the furious movies
Did you ever see The 'Burbs?
What's your favorite superhero movie.
Who played Luke Skywalker?
Are you a fan of the movies from the eighties?
I think the rap game will suffer once Eminem dies.
Remember how good 'Queen' was?
Did you get your BUCS tickets yet?
How do light sabres work?
I have a confession: I like Creed.
I think it will be this coming Saturday.
I still think he is adorable
I am a huge Adele fan. How about you?
Hi There.
I just learned some stuff about the Beatles.
Did you know the Emperor from the original movies is the same as the ones from the prequels.
I can't believe that the Rangers lost in the playoffs again.
Have you noticed the change in Katy Perry lately.
Have you read the harry potter books?
I really miss getting to watch Troy Polamalu
Have you heard of Charlie Puth?
Hey dude, have you seen any of the Avengers movies that have come out?
Have you ever seen the Wizard of Oz?
I love the Ewoks!
I don't like the movie Snow White.
Did you know the Death Star has its own music?
Do you think that hockey is the most brutal sport around?
Do you like the music from Twin Peaks?
What your favorite snack for the movies?
You like going to concerts?
What do you think about Aaron Rodgers?
What film would you rate a 10/10?
Let's talk about Mel Gibson.
Do you want to know what I don't understand about Fast and the Furious?
Hey man, what do you think of all these new rappers?
If you had to only watch one comedy movie for the rest of your life, what would it be?
How do you think the Lions are going to do this year?
Do you like Kansas?
Have you checked out any superhero movies recently?
I'm not a fanboy but I liked the song Heathens.
Who have you been listening to lately?
I was just reading this interesting article about underrated drummers in rock music.
Why was Harry's family so mean/
I just saw the best movie!
Hey
Have you ever seen the movie Amityville Horror?
Hey do you like the Notorious B.I.G.?
I absolutely hate the Cannibal Corpse.
Hey bud, have you seen elf?
I've been watching a lot of horror movies lately
Did you see Rogue One?
Do you like Jazz Music?
What do you think of Green Lantern?
Have you seen the Iron Man Franchise?
Who is the best defensive lineman in the NFL?
Do you like celine dion?
Have you seen BEAUTY AND THE BEAT by Justin Beiber?
Have your kids seen Blank Check?
Hey
What's your thoughts on the Beatles song let it be?
Hey, what's going on?
I wonder if they will make a show
I'm back.  Whose in the lead?
What's the last movie you saw in the theater?
Did you see the new Marvel movie?
Did you like the new Kendrick Lamar?
Have you seen Moana?
Are you into any classical music?
Have you seen the new space movie that came out recently?
What do you think is the best guitar rock album?
Are you excited for the ne Cars 3 movie?
What kind of rock music do you like?
I just saw Star Wars "Revenge of the Sith" it is still a great movie to watch.
Who do you think are the best quarterbacks of all time?
I have mixed feelings about The Usual Suspects.
Would you rather listen to hip hop or rnb?
I really like some classical music.
Who is the most beautiful disney princess to you?
You know what song I heard today?
What do you think about the singer Nicki Minaj?
Whats your favorite animated movie
My favorite musician is gonna play here soon
what did you think of inside out
I just finished Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
What city do you think will be the next to get an NFL team?
Hey are you excited for this years football season?
Dude. Check out this trailer.
Did you buy all the remastered albums that came out in 2009?
I've always been really curious about Stormtrooper armor.
Do you like the 'Nightmare on Elm Street' movies?
Hi
Have you heard of Pvris?
Do you have any Star Wars memorabilia?
Do you listen to Kpop?
Do you watch superhero movies?
What female superhero is your favorite?
Hey, I know we both like the Bucs, so I was wondering if you wanted to go to a NFL game? My treat.
What kind of music did you listen to when you were younger?
Who is your favorite pop artist?
Man this new track is tight
Hey Bill, wanna catch the new Johnny Depp movie this weekend?
Let's talk about movies
The preseason starts soon!
Who is you're favorite artist right now ?
How do you feel about country music?
Have you seen Split yet?
Did you hear that they're making another Beteguise?
So I recently saw the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie.
Did you see the original Psycho?
That sounds like Queensryche.
Have you heard of the band Mud Honey?
Are you going to the showing of The Grateful Dead Movie next time they put it out in theaters.
I wonder which comedy made the most money?
what disney movie do you think has the best bad guy?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Hi
Do you like jana kramer
Do you know Adele?
Did you hear the new song by Katy Perry?
Have you seen A Christmas Carol from Disney?
Ok, Coach, I'm sure you know what you're doing, but my son is missing a lot of shots
Have you ever seen The Departed?
did you know they are bringing back toy story 4
Way better than Pulp Fiction.
Have you seen the newest star wars?
So, what's your favourite Disney movie then?
OMG I saw U2 last night.
Who do you think was the greatest NFL team of all time?
Was R2D2 really an important character?
Hey
Have you seen Ratatouille?
Did you see Game 1 of the Penguins/Senators series?
So, what are some of your favorite action movies?
I know it sounds silly, but my favorite comedy is Wayne's World.
Did you watch the Golden State and San Antonio game last night?
I want to see the new "Descendants" movie this summer.
Hey, I was going to make a playlist for the party this weekend, what kind of music do you think I should put on it?
Were you a One Direction fan back in the day?
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you ever seen Varsity Blues?
Do you like cold play?
What is your favorite thriller?
Turn that blasted music off!
Have you seen any of Disney's classic movies from before they started making computer animated features?
Okay, I just reread the entire series, let's talk about our least favorite characters!
The Cavaliers are unbeatable.
I been looking into some movies wondering if they are scary or not
Do you know the song Perfect by Ed Sheeran?
Why is Iron Man such a jerk?
Have you seen any of the Oscar Winners?
Do you like Jackie Chan movies?
Who's your favorite director?
what happened in the first star war?
Are you excited to see the New Star Wars?
Can you name me your top five players in the NFL?
I hope one day that women will have the chance to play on the NFL.
Have you see Tangled?
I like songs with dances. I wish more songs in rap and hip-hop had dances to go with them.
Have you been on the Frozen ride yet?
Hey! Did you catch the Yankees and Mets game last night?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What did you think of the original Mummy movies?
Talking about quarterbacks was so much fun, let's discuss running backs.  I say a name, you tell me what you think of them.
Who is your favorite artist right now?
You know... there's days I completely forget Disney owns Star Wars and Marvel.
how many leagues of baseball?
Did you used to watch the Disney Channel original movies? They usually did one each month.
You think the Falcons will be really good again this year?
Do you know how Star Wars changed the toy industry?
Do you think the jaguars improve this year.
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Did you hear that Prodigy died?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Have you seed ET?
Which movie did you pick up for movie night?
Did you see Kong: Skull Island?
Tell me about the movie you love the most
Honey, I Shrunk the Kids was a crazy movie
You going to the game tonight?
So, what are some of the more recent good horror films?
You know what's interesting? Superheroes.
Do you think the pop genre needs saving?
Do you think the Pirates have a chance at getting to the World Series this year?
If I said the name Reginald Kenneth Dwight to you, would you know who I was talking about?
Tell me what do you make of the Texans this year?
My som just bought a Harry Potter bean game.
I heard Taylor Swift has a new video
What is your favorite Gaga performance?
Have you seen Moana?
Football!!!! Alright!  Almost time for football!!!
What did you think about Life?
So do you like Bruno Mars?
Who plays Dom's love interest in the first Fast and the Furious movie?
Luke didn't need training to use the Force. He needed training to avoid falling to the Dark Side. That was what the entire cave scene was about.
Have you ever seen The Fifth Element?
So did you hear about the new Alien movie?
You know, I didn't believe it at first, when Vader claimed to be Luke's father.
What would you say is the worst book-to-movie adaptation that you've seen?
Are you going to see Spiderman-homecoming?
do you like sofia coppola?
Who do you think the top NFL teams will be this year?
How do you feel about music
I just saw the first Magnificent Seven movie.
Have you seen any of the Beatles movies?
It's so nice to see Lady Gaga branch out in her music.
I really hope the Dresden Dolls are still together.
I wonder what happened to Hallie Mills.
It's almost football time, man.
I think The White Album was the Beatles best record
I just watched Mad Max Fury road.
Did you ever like Lady Gaga's music?
Have you gotten to see Finding Dory yet?
Have you heard of Kendrick Lamar's music before?
Hey, how's it going?
I just rewatched Return of the Jedi.
Have you seem Captain America movie, which one?
What did you think of Roque One
Do you like horror movies?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
What is your favorite genre of movie?
Who was the guy that had the song Wild Thing?
What team are you a fan of?
Do you want to come over?
What's your favorite action/comedy film?
Do you prefer hard rock or soft rock?
Guess who is making a comeback.
I am very bored, what about you?
I just saw the movie " The Ring", it was good, have you seen it?
Who is your favorite Fast & Furious actor?
Whay do got think of the music of today?
Did you catch La La Land?
What do you think of this new line that Luke, in the next Star Wars, is over the whole Jedi thing.
Do you like army movies?
I just saw Ringu.
If you could only listen to one song for the rest of your life, what song would you pick?
Hi, what happened between the Minnesota Vikings and Tennessee Titans last night?
Not a Ravens fan at all but they got a real good one in Baldwin.
How do you listen to most of your music?
I'm playing basketball this weekend, do you want to come along?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
So what you up to
Have you gotten a chance to see Deadpool?
Wow who sings that song?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
So how do you feel about the Beatles?
Do you remember Outkast?
What's your favorite recent thriller movie?
Let's talk about crappy movies.
I loved the new Star Wars movie!
Did they high school have their last ball game last night?
What was your favorite horror movie?
Do you remember salt and peppa?
I was reading the other day about Terrell Brown who plays for the St. Louis Rams. They said he weighed in at 403 pounds.
Did you see Lady Gaga's oscar performance?
Do you think Disney will ever stop making Pirates movies?
One of my favorite movies is Snakes on a Plane.
I really like the Pats offensive skill set.
What do you think about the Steelers chances this year?
Do you like the first star wars?
Did you ever play little league baseball?
Oh. Ok, here's one.  Who's your favorite horror film actor?
Have you seen the newest trailer for The Last Jedi?
It's been a great year for music so far, don't you think?
How would you rank Kanye West's albums?
What's your favorite kind of music?
Have you seen that movie from J.J Abrams called Cloverfield?
Toy Story was really cute wasn't it?
I am making a movie for college. Want to be in it?
I was just listening to the Counting Crows. Man, I love them!
I just watched a movie that took me way back to my childhood.
What kind of music is your favorite?
Eminem is the best rapper ever.
Did you like Suicide Squad?
Did you ever happen to see the movie In Good Company?
I don't know anything about classical music, but I started dating a girl who's really into it.
I love comedy movies, how about you?
You know, the Beatles wrote some goofy songs over the years.
Did you hear any more about the Raiders moving to Vegas?
Do you know what new Disney movies are coming out?
Do you know the character Chewbakka from the Star Wars series?
Is there any movie you saw with your parents but instantly regretted?
Do you think we will see the end of the closer position?
I like Jar Jar.
Have you seen the original Disney Cinderella?
Did you see the movie, The Babadook?
The Houston Astros are smoking hot right now!
Were you ever into Maroon 5?
How can you be a Patriot fan?
What's your favorite Pirates movie?
You remember when Green Day was good?
What genre do you think deserves more love than it gets?
Did you ever get to go see Logan?
Name a movie with a number in the tilte and was a thriller.
Do you like to listen to music?
Have you ever heard of the brand ripndip?
What's your favorite thriller?
Have you seen all the Fast and Furious movies. I have seen them all at least once.
Hi there.
So, how do you think the Green Bay Packers will do this year?
Lets talk about movies
Do,you think lady Gaga is cool?
Did you ever see Bambi?
You know what Star Wars movie they should make next?
Have you ever heard of Metallica?
What do you think of the new Metallica?
What do you think about The Violent Femmes?
How long have you been playing guitar?
Do you like the direction Disney is heading in terms of movies?
What do you think of the teams moving to different states?
I'm so excited that the Last Jedi is coming out this year.
I think bruce lee made some good movies
Do you like Bruce Springsteen?
What was that movie with Haley Joel Osment and Bruce Willis?
I just watched the entire Jurassic Park series - what a great series.
What is your opinion on the Fast and Furious movies?
I can't stop listening to the song "Die Young" by Sylvan Esso! Have you heard it?
Hey, can you help me?
Mr church? N. haven't seen it
Just saw fight club, he was the guy the whole time!
HI,ARE YOU PLANING ON GOING TO SEE THE MOVE CHRIST BROWN?
Have you ever seen the movie American Beauty?
I've never really been into sports movies, but lately I've been thinking that maybe I should try them out.
I heard a song by Bruno Mars today that sound good, do you like Bruno Mars music?
Do you ever listen to The Police much?
What is the saddest scene you have ever scene in a Disney movie?
How well do you think the Carolina Panthers are going to do this 2017 season?
Do you like any of the star wars movies?
I love Aladdin.
Which Lady Gaga album is your favorite?
Did you ever see Monsters Inc?
What kind of music genres do you listen to?
Hey there.
The Star Wars movies had a seriousness about them.
Do you watch a lot of football?
So what was the weirdest Disney movie?
What is the history of the Pittsburg Steelers?
I don't know about you, but I cannot stop listening to the new Lorde album!
Are you guys going to the fair this year?
Did you like the new jungle book?
So, what do you think about the Cubs this year?
My favorite grunge band was Nirvana.
How do you even start picking out a wedding dress?
Hey, have a ever seen the movie The Purge?
I heard there is a live-action remake on cards of 101 Dalmatians.
Hey, have you seen that new movie Everything Everything?
What did you think of the latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
Have you ever heard of a movie called The Untouchables?
Have you listened to Bruno Mars full album?
Samuel L jackson acts in everything
My mom once thought that Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds was an Elton John song.
do you like all time low
Hey , do you like Disney movies?
Have you seen a scary movie called The Others?
What did you think of the  movie Brave?
So what do you know about the BEatles
The Jets are going to be so bad this year!
What types of horror movies are your favorite?
You know, I really liked the Moana movie.
I hated Pulp Fiction.
I think some directors should be barred from movies
Have you ever listened to Fiona Apple?
Did you watch the old Nightmare on Elm Street movies?
Good morning.
So, I read that bell bottom jeans are coming back in style. What do you think about it?
Are you familiar with Korean films?
What kind of shoes would you wear with this dress?
Which team has been to the most Super Bowls?
Wait, is it still Disney movie if pixar makes it?
Like any classic rock bands in particular?
Where did the nationals begin their baseball history?
Hey, what do you think about football?
How great of a track is Hey Jude
What's your favorite Christopher Nolan movie?
What do you think of Green Day
Have you seen LaLa Land?
What film did you love as a child?
What kind of movies do you like?
hey did you ever watch all the monster inc movies?
When I was a kid, A Nightmare on Elm Street scared me to death!
What was the greatest Super Bowl of all time?
i like the bettles there very  cool
Dude, did you hear that Guns N Roses are back together?
Hey can you believe it's already almost football season again?
Did you see the Phillies game yesterday?
Have you heard of whitesnake?
Have you ever seen disney's rescuers down under?
NFL Season starts in exactly 2 months with Pats, and Chiefs. Who you got?
My boyfriend loves the NFL!
Did you watch the Shallows?
Who had the best dress at the Met Ball?
Did you see Disney's Brave?
Are you a fan of the exorcist thrillers?
Where did you get those shades?
Were you into Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Did you catch the Los Angeles game last night?
Do you like Fifth Harmony?
Can you believe Disney releasing all its classic animation as live action?
Have you ever been to a Billy Joel concert?
Who do you have winning the Super Bowl this year?
Who is your pick for best Disney character?
What do you think of Frozen?
Are you into horror movies?
You ever listen to the Beatles?
Who do you think is the most influential artist of all time?
Do you know when the new Spider Man Movie comes out?
What are your thoughts on newer artists producing songs that pull of of older one?
Did you see the deadpool movie?
What is your opinion on Reboot  films?
Did you catch the latest Jurasic Park?
Hey baby, do you want to do some roleplay tonight?
Who is your favorite player in the NFL?
Did you see the new version of Beauty and the Beast movie?
What's your favorite music genre?
Hey, do you know the band Blue October?
Have you seen 'Okja' on Netflix?
If you had to pick a movie that you did not mind watching again and again what would that be?
What kind of movies have you watched lately?
Do you like Thriller movies?
Are you going to see the new Star Wars movie when it comes out?
Did you hear any rumors about the Spice Girls reuniting for a tour?
Did you watch Cars or Cars 2?
I'm ready for football season to start.
What do you like most about Yoda?
What is your favorite scene in the series
Do you enjoy top 40 at all?
Did you know John Carter was a Disney movie?
I totally love how much Lady Gaga feels her music when she sings.
What did you think about The Lion King 2.
Do you like rock music?
What do you think of the new Katy Perry album?
How do you feel about episodes 1-3 of Star Wars?
What is your favorite live action Disney movie?
What do you think of Lady Gaga as an actress in American Horror Story?
Have you seen Pinocchio?
What is your favorte team?
Want to hear a fun fact about the third movie?
So what's your favorite Fast & Furious movie?
So, what's your favorite older music?
I want to watch Casino.
I love music movies, or biopics as people call them.
I saw Misery last night.
How about La La Land winning best picture?
What is your favorite music genre?
Hey, did you have any disappointments with The Force Awakens?
What team is your favorite?
Have you ever seen Disney's Hunchback of Notre Dame?
Do you like any of today's music artists?
Hey
Are you going to watch the Yankees game tonight?
Have you watched the movie Lights Out?
Do you have any theories on who Supreme Leader Snoke actually is in the new 'Star Wars' trilogy?
Lets talk about disney movies
You know what I can't figure out about the NFL?
where can i find some good beatles tunes online
Did you go see that new movie with king Arthur?
You know, for as much as I like music, I realized that I am terrible about knowing artists' albums and what songs are on each one.
Seen any good movies lately?
Yo you go see that movie Guardians of the Galaxy 2?
You should really give Missy Elliot a chance.
Did you hear about Meatloaf's new album?
Do you like classic movies?
Have you seen Argo?
Is there a rapper that everyone likes that you just don't get.
Could you recommend some pop music
I am in the mood for a thriller.
Hello bro what is up with you
I LIKE THE BLUES
Do you remember in Junior High what song everyone played on the Juke Box at lunch?
Do you remember when Lion King was made?
i just saw the highlights from Superbowl XXI
Hey, what are you listening to?
Do you think they'll do a live action of The Little Mermaid now that they've done one for Beauty and the Beast?
The Astros are great this year
I miss old horror, like Twilight Zone-style horror.
Hi
Hey my daughter wants to watch something called Frozen, is that a good idea?
What do you think of Gaga's outfits?
Jim Bolyes is playing tonight!
I've noticed 90s-style pop music coming back.
I just saw Paranormal Activity.
Afternoon.
What did you think about the Jedi?
Did you ever watch the Fugitive with Harrison Ford?
Have you seen the new Justice League Movie?
What was your favorite era of hip hop?
Morning.
The one nice thing about summer ending will be it means football season starts.
Do you like digital downloads when it comes to music?
So, I went to All Eyez on Me, finally.
Who do you think was a better rock band, the Beatles or the Stones?
What was the first 'real' record or album you  got?
Did you catch the latest Adam Sandler film?
Who's your favorite actor?
Do you like Radiohead?
Good morning!  Have you seen any movies lately?
Have you heard the Remy Ma's diss track, ShETHER, aginst Nicki Minaj.
Have you ever tried xm radio?
Did you know Harrison Ford got paid just over 10K for the original Star Wars?
Can you recommend a good horror movie to watch?
Have you recently viewed the NCAA Baseball Standings?
Who do you think is the worst character in all of the Star Wars movies?
What is your favorite football weather?
You know Dallas is no 2 in term,s of rushing offense.
Did you see Kong: Skull Island yet?
Did you ever watch 'Avatar the Last Airbender?'
Have you heard any good live music recently?
Guess what?
did you ever see Spike Lee's movie, "Do the Right Thing?"
So how did you first start listening to rap?
I just saw the new John Wick movie, "John Wick: Chapter 2.
Do you like faster or slower rock music?
Do you think they should release the original unaltered version of Star Wars?
Have you seen a movie of Nicolas Cage lately?
Wonder how lucas came up with this
Saw an interesting announcement last week. Did you see Doug Williams is going to the Redskins front office?
Do you know Alanis Morisette?
My favorite Avenger is Captain America!
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song?
Have you ever seen The Running Man?
Did you ever get to the Beatles live?
Have you heard of Lady Gaga's song Born This Way?
What do you want for dinner?
Who's your favorite live pop performer?
I'm so ready for football season.
Who do you think is the best QB in football?
Have you ever heard of Rob Zombie?
Hi.
have you seen the titanic movie
What's your favorite Star Wars movie?
Is 2001 a science fiction film?
Have you ever listened to the band Thursday?
Tyrese has to be my favorite character in the Fast and Furious series. He's just so funny.
Did you ever see Gone Girl?
I'm thinking that I may go to Warped Tour this summer.
I loved Superbowl 49.
You know who I heard for the first time in a while this morning?
Do you think we need a good sports comedy?
Have you seen The Proposal?
I was three years old when Star Wars: A New Hope was released in 1977.
who is your favorite Fast & Furious character
Do you like country music?
Did you ever watch Gravity?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Have you seen the Fast and the Furious movies?
How did Lady Gaga get her name?
Do you listen to much pop music
I'm going to be running a 5k next weekend.
Most overrated team in the NFL? Go.
Do you like rap music?
Are you a baseball fan like I am?
Hey are you r day of fall?
You know in some of the older Disney movies, they reused a lot of the film?
What do you think of Carrie Underwoods album Blown Away?
What did you think of Lady Gaga's last album?
Do you like the Beatles?
I wonder if they'll make another Indiana Jones.
How do you feel about Alkaline Trio?
Hey pal, only 2 months till the NFL returns
Did you hear they are finally making a movie of "The Dark Tower"?
Hey, have you seen Arrival?
Did you see that there's a new "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie out?
Did you watch the scene after the credits in The Force Awakens?
I think Lilo and Stitch was a severely underrated Disney movie.
Are you ready for that new Jay-Z album?
What kind of movie should we watch today?
Who is your team?
Star Wars is a great movie, have you seen the new cartoons?
Hi
I went this weekend with my kids to see Cars 3. They love it!
Did you ever see Treasure Planet?
Can you believe how well the Yankees are doing this year ?
What is your favorite album of all time?
You know who I like as a pop singer?
Who is winning a fight wonder woman or superman?
What was the last horror movie you watched?
Dude Lebron James is the best player of all time.
I going to Disney World for vacation, but I haven't seen any of the movies.
Did you like The Butterfly Effect?
There was a thriller movie called Split that came out last year.  Did you get to see it?
What good movies came out this year?
I finally got around to seeing Casablanca for the first time.
Do you like the Star Wars movies?
Do you like the movie Talladega Nights?
I just saw the movie the Awakening.
Hey what´s up! have you seen Anabelle?
Lets talk about superhero movies
Did you like Katy Perry's album Prism?
Whats the scariest movie you have seen recently?
Who is in the NBA playoffs?
Did you know there is a new Incredibles movie coming out?
What did you think of the final scene of the last Harry Potter movie?
Who is your sleeper team for this year?
James Bond, yes or no?
What's your favorite Disney movie, bro?
What is the deal with the Pirates this year?
Hey do you like Disney movies?
Man Lil wayne is such a bad rapper
How do you feel about Kevin Smith?
What team in the AFC do you think can beat the Patriots and stop them from another ring?
Hi there.
I am so excited today!
hey buddy you remember that movie Snatched we saw last week?
Did you see that the Carolina Hurricanes traded for Scott Darling a couple of weeks ago?
Did you like 'The Incredibles?'
I need some new music to listen to while I run.
Who is your favorite NFL quarterback?
Hi.
Hey, what do you think about music?
What is one of your favorite Disney movies?
What music genre do you like the most?
In your opinion, what the best thriller movie of all time?
Hey mom, are you using the surround sound for your shows?
Did you see the movie baywatch?
Which of the James Bond films have you yet to see?
Did you ever watch The Monkees when you were a kid?
They have this really good bass guitarist.
Did you get a chance to watch Toy Story 3?
So, who do you think will win the NBA finals this year?
I wish their was a comedy movie based like a sitcom
Have you heard of Tokyo Brass Style?
Do,you like Glen Campbell?
Who is your favorite spiderman?
Do you see the Cars 2?
Hi Sara, i saw you at the movie theater last night.
Do you know the movie Friday?
I went to see King Arthur this weekend.
do you know Asamoah Gyang
Were you ever a big fan of Queen?
Have you ever seen any of the Psycho movies?
What do you think was the best Spielberg movie?
Did you see Guardians of the Galaxy 2 yet?
there is gonna be a new star wars movie coming soon
Have you had a chance to see the new live-action Beauty and the Beast movie?
You know that Warner bros are copy cats
We watched a few Stallone movies over the weekend.
Have you ever been to a hockey game in person?
I think Captain Jack Sparrow is the best pirate character ever.
Who is your absolute favorite music artist?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Do you know who Geoff Emmerick is?
Good morning!
Ok, your a Cowboy fan.  Who is your all time favorite Dallas player?
Do you think the Vikings bounce back this year?
Have you seen The Nightmare Before Christmas?
What's your favorite movie?
What is a good political band?
What's the next movie you're going to see?
I've got to be careful when I get my hands on an equalizer.
What is your favorite genre of music?
The Sword in the Stone was a classic film.
What do you think of the new Drake album?
Man i love 2chains music
Have you seen any good thriller movies lately?
So, you remember the climax of Return of the Jedi?
Hey guy! Only 30+ days til preseason!
Have you seen Smurfs the Lost Village?
Hey you going to the show this weekend?
so who is your favorite rap artist
Hey, who won Super Bowl V?
Ever see 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY?
Wow what a boring day it is!
I really love Kendrick Lamar
Have you heard the song by Rag'n'Bone man called Skin?
Hello.
What sport do you think is the most watched?
So we have a new batman movie right
What's your favorite Batman movie?
Have you heard of the band, First Aid Kit?
Hello man
What do you think of Han Solo?
Big fan of Chevy Chase?
The Shining was on last night.  Man, that movie is scary.
Hey, I was just listening to some Pink Floyd.  Do you like them?
Will Elliot rush for 2000 yards this year?
One of my favorite superhero movies is xmen
Have you seen Doctor Strange yet?
Who was your favorite character from Rogue One?
Who is your favorite comedy muisc artist?
What is a good horror movie you've watched recently?
What is your favorite comedy movies?
What is your favorite musical instrument?
Who is your favorite rapper?
What's your favorite movie of the year?
Are you a fan of progressive metal?
There sure seem to be a lot of action movies out these days.
Did you see the Second Guardians of The Galaxy movie?
What's a good rock band to get into?
One of my favorite artists of all time is Jeff Rosenstock.
I saw the silliest movie ever the other day.
Do you recall the first song you danced to?
I watched Disney's 101 Dalmations real version the other night.
What do you think about future?
Did you see the movie "Beauty and the Beast"?
What are your thoughts on the new rule changes
Do you like movies?
I think the problem with Star Wars now is its getting too expansive
Hey remember the Finding Nemo movie? The one with the fish?
what is the most memorable beatles song for you?
Who do you think the best defensive player is in the NFL?
Hey what's your favorite pop band?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
What are your thoughts on the Washington Redskins?
That music sounds strange. What language is it in?
Did you ever get around to seeing Moana?
I wonder how much more of Supreme Leader Snoke's back story we'll get.
Have you been to the movies lately?
I watched Wayne's World for the first time in forever the other day!
Hey
I can't wait for the new NFL season
So who is your favorite character from the Harry Potter movies?
Are you into pop music at all?
Ice hockey, huh?
do you like bright eyes
I cannot believe they are making another movie
Are there any Beatles songs you hate?
What is some pop music that you like?
What do you think about Deadpool?
Allirght, name you top three favorite bands, regardless of genre.
Did you watch last year's Super Bowl?
Do you want to go see Dispicable Me 3 this weekend.
Have you heard that Stevie Nicks is going on tour with Fleetwood Mac?
What do you think about the Fast & Furious movies?
Have you seen the new Star Wars Movie?
Of all the movies you've seen which one impacted you the most?
So how do you think the Seahawks will do this year?
Have you heard the new Katy Perry song?
What is your favorite movie?
I am getting ready to go on a jog, want to come?
I just feel like asking, but are you a fan of the Friday film series?
Today I am going to watch fast & furious movie.
Have you seen the movie Jonah Hex?
Are you into Hip Hop?
Hello
You got married recently, right?
what is your favorite music style?
What do you think of Springsteens music?
The Beatles used to be my favorite group.
So why do you think the directors chose to split the Deathly Hallows book into two separate movies?
You really need to listen to One Republic.
Do you think the colts make the playoffs?
I am going to a Zac Brown Band concert this weekend?
Who do you think will win the Super Bowl this year?
Have you ever seen the Blair Witch Project 2?
Do you like Return of the Jedi?
Can you pick a new song? This rain is crazy, I need to keep my eyes on the road.
So what do you think about LA getting two teams this year?
Did you see the Bruno Mars performance last night?
Have you seen all of the Potter films?
Ice hockey players are exceptional athletes, it's like they're playing football while wearing ice skates.
What was your favorite grunge band?
Who is your favorite Cardinals player?
What is your favorite force ability throughout the Star Wars series?
What do you think of  Michael W. Smith?
So who do you like better, the old Kanye, or the new Kanye?
Have you seen the movie The Proposal?
Do you like the older Star Wars movies or the newer movies?
Don't you wish you had the spirit of Bagger Vance?
Who has the coolest lightsaber?
Lets talk about metallica
remember the pokemon movie
Have you ever seen the movie "The Parent Trap"?
I still think they cheat
Have you seen any of Steven Seagal's movies.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Have you seen any of Vin Diesel's movie?
They both should be pretty good, but the Patriots have shown no signs off slowing down.
Do you think they will make another iron man sequel?
You know what's funny though?
Do you listen to pop music?
Have you seen that trailer for the upcoming Disney movie Coco?
Have you ever seen the Pirate Movie?
What is the most unbelievable scene in a superhero movie for you?
Who do you think is the greatest pop singer of all time?
How did you like Lebron's reaction to the snub?
I saw PUlp Fiction.
What was the first hip-hop you remember hearing?
It's been out for a while
Do you like Hitchcock movies?
Are you going to the Macklamore and Ryan Lewis show?
So have you watched any good movies lately?
Remember the first Mission: Impossible movie?
Didn't You finally watch Rocky 4 recently?
How do you think the Patriots will do this year?
I saw the original Avenger the other day.
Did you see that Cavalier game the other night?
What did you think of the musical adaptations of the Beatles songs in the movie "Across the Universe"?
Did you see the Lion King when you were younger?
Have you ever listened to anything by Great Big Sea?
i wish they would remake blazing saddles.
How do you feel about Cyndi Lauper?
Do you think they'll ever reintroduce Robin?
What is one of your favorite Disney movies?
Hi.
Have you seen the new Pirate movie?
Have you seen all the Star Wars movies?
What do you think about Guns N' Roses touring again?
Did you see Wonder Woman yet?
Do you think the Buffalo Bills should have fired Rex Ryan?
Have you heard of Celtic Woman?
I just watched the movie Up again.
Do you prefer Terminator 1, or 2?
Do you like chris stapleton?
What is your favorite romantic comedy?
My granddaughters favorite Disney Movie is Sleeping Beauty.
Have you seen John Carter?
Did you watch inside out?
So what's your favorite musical?
What do you think was the best set-piece of the whole Fast & Furious franchise?
Well this is awesome I am listening to 311. I love them1
Are there any new thriller films coming out that you are excited for?
I'm so excited to go see Pirates of the Caribean 5
Have you ever seen Fargo?
Are there any good live action Disney films?
Can you beleive how many hit songs lady Gaga has had?
My daughter and I watched Brave last week.
what artist do you like that switched genres?
What did you think of Deadpool?
Hi.
How was the 76'ers last game?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song?
Did you see the movie Bolt?
So, who's your favorite female character in Star Wars?
Do you want to go see the Rush concert later?
I want to be ready when I watch the new Xmen. Where should I start?
Hey.
Have you ever seen Silence of the Lambs?
Hi
Question for you, who do you think was more talented Michael Jackson or Prince?
So what's your favorite Disney song?
Are the Browns ever gonna be good?
Are you  a Seth Rogen fan?
So have you been listening to any new music?
Have you ever heard of newgrass music
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Guess what action movie we watched last night.
Are you a fan of Taylor Swift?
Have you been following the Cowboys this offseason?
How did you like the most recent Star Wars movie, the Force Awakens?
So, I found this new genre of music..
Do you like baseball?
There are some pretty bad movies out there this year.
What's your favorite genre of music?
Hi.
what do you think about Drake?
Do you listen to Japanese rock music?
My niece told me yesterday that she had heard this really cool new song on the radio.
I know you're a pro wrestling fan, so I wanted to ask you about movies featuring wrestlers.
Have you seen the movie Moonlight?
Are you a big fan of music festivals?
I just recently watched Live Free or Die Hard.
Hi.
who you thinks the best trap rapper?
Are you into super hero movies at all?
Do you remember the Rancor from Return of the Jedi?
What do you think is better, Pixar or Warner Brothers Animation?
What is the most exciting play in basketball?
Did you ever see Kung Fu Hustle?
I love Christmas music.
The NFL season is almost here!
I wish they'd do a Black Widow film.
Have you seen the movie Zoolander?
Did you see the match between Xavier and Arizona?
Honey, I Blew up the Kids! was a funny movie
Do you like Jay Z?
Hey, who do you thing we'll see in The Last Jedi, what new or old faces?
Man, I was so tired this morning I almost lost my car!
Who wins Rookie of the Year?
Do you like alternative music from the 90's?
This season closer game should be interesting.
Have you seen the dark knight rises?
So, Lady Gaga. What do you think of her?
did you see the basketball game last night?
Have you ever heard the song Piano Man?
Everyone goes on about how great Frozen is but Tangled is so much better.
Ever seen the mvie Dispicable Me?
Have you seen the Slumber Party Massacre Series?
I'm so sick of radio these days.
Hey Bart! Are you ready for some football?
Who is the greatest living film music composer?
Do you know the rap artist Yae Yae Jordan?
I see there is a new movie coming out on June 30th.
I am going to see Alien Covenant tonight.
Do you ever watch any movies?
I saw Pocahontas on a plane ride yesterday.
What is a good girl band?
Man, what happened to real rap?
Do you like Johnny Cash?
What's your favorite thrash metal album?
So what do you think about the movie Bad Moms?
I don't understand new music sometimes.
So I watched the first Harry Potter movie again yesterday.  It's the first time I've watched it in years.
Who is your all time favorite MVP winner?
Who do you think is the best QB Tom Brady or Aaron Rodgers?
Did you see the original Star Wars in the theater?
Who do you think has the best farm system in baseball?
have you heard of the upcoming black panther movie?
Would you like to go to the movies tonight?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you seen Disney's Moana?
Remember Nappy Headed Roots?
This should be an exciting NFL season, shouldn't it?
I went to the James Taylor/Carole King concert last night.
Do you like listening to Rock music?
Do you like Katy Perry?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
I can't believe that the Blues got elimated!
Have you heard of Kenny G?
If you had to pick one WR in the NFL, who would you pick?
What's the best scene in any Star Wars movie?
Wow Joe i was shocked we lost the game was so close it was almost unreal how close it was.
My favorite band is linkin park,
have you watched the nba lately?
What kind of music have you been listening to these days?
I feel like there are so many people in the NFL who need to retire.
You know, bands like the Beatles are still so applicable today.
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Have you ever been to a Lady Gaga concert?
Who is your favorite music artist?
I just saw highlights of Superbowl XXXIX.
What happened to music?
How was the concert last night?
Hey, do you like vampire movies?
I like the first two Fast & Furious movies the best.
Hey have you seen the latest Star Wars movie?
Are you excited to watch the upcoming star wars film?
What's the most emotional NFL moment you witnessed?
So, what do you think of the new pretenders album?
Which Fast & Furious character do you like out of all the movies?
Have you seen any of the Transformers movies?
Have you ever seen the Secret Lives of Pets?
I don't know if I want to see that new Baywatch movie or not.
Have you heard the news about Radiohead releasing a 20th anniversary edition of OK Computer?
I like Minnesota.
Have you seen Dr. Strange yet?
Hey
It's Harry Potter weekend, are you going to watch?
What's your favorite Beatles album?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Have you seen all of the Harry Potter movies?
What did you think of Lorde's new album?
Are you pissed about the Olympics?
What do you think of the script?
So you want to chat about football?
Was Rey living in Tatooine in the beginning part of Force Awakens?
Did you ever see ET?
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
What DIsney movies are out?
How do you think the Patriots will do this season?
Do you know if Green Day still makes music.
I think I am going to watch the Ghostbusters movies tonight. Have you ever seen them?
Have you listened to Wildflower yet?
Why does everyone say Fellowship is the worst of the Lord of the Rings movies? It's pretty much the only one that stands alone as a functioning piece of cinema.
Have you seen The Parent Trap?
Do you ever listen to rap music at all?
Do you think Paul McCartney is the best Beatle?
Have you heard anything new by The Get Up Kids?
So I heard something yesterday, not sure if it's true.
did you watch the Royals game last night?
What is your favorite song in a Disney cartoon?
Do you think that Kirk Cousins will sign a long term contract this year with the Redskins?
What is your favorite princess movie by Disney?
Do you like 90s alternative music?
Hi how are you?
death cab for cutie...thoughts?
Do you know what movie I would like to watch again?
What is your next favorite classic Disney movie?
Do you like any songs by Pearl Jam?
I finally watched 'The Sixth Sense' last week.
You a fan of the Cincinnati Bengals?
What kind of music do you like?  I like rock.
Did you know that the backstreet boys sang a song with florida georgia line?
I heard Wreck-it Ralph 2 is coming out in 2018.
I hate christmas time, everywhere is so crowded.
How is your day going?
Do you like classic rock?
Hey lets talk about the beatles music
Yo you want to go see that Auburn Baseball game?
So you consider incomplete to be mediocre.
Have you seen the remake of Beauty and the Beast
Did you know that the Philadelphia Eagles started in 1933?
Hey man do you think they will still be going on about Deflate-Gate this year.
What types of movies do you like?
What's the difference between the light and the dark sides of the Force?
How would you explain the evolution of music?
What kind of music do you like?
My boyfriend's a singer in a metal band.
So, let's talk football. You're a Colts fan, right?
What are some fairy tales that Disney missed?
Do you like lady gaga?
How many Star Wars movies do you think they will end up making?
Hi! What kind of movies do you like watching?
Have  you seen the  new  Eli roth   film  Clown ?
I'm in the mood to hear some music.
I just saw Return of the Jedi.
What is a good horror movie for kids?
Do you know who The Chainsmokers are?
he harry how was your day?
I showed my daughter The Little Mermaid for the first time!
Who do you think was the best kicker in NFL History?
Have you seen Psy's new music videos?
Did you find Underdog funny?
Do you think Hoobastank was a good band
What is your favorite album of the year so far?
Have you heard of the Korean boy band Big Bang?
What cartoon should I take my nephew to?
Have you watched the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
What's your favorite genre of music?
Uhhh, this looks like a bad band, actually.
Were you ever a fan of Lil Kim?
Did you watch that movie The Space Between Us?
Is there a Disney movie you don't like?
Do you think the Patriots will win another Super With Brady and Bill Belichick?
Have you ever the music of Zola Jesus?
Have you ever seen The Others?
Have you seen the House on Haunted Hill?
Do you like the Dark side or the Light?
Have you seen trolls?
How did you think Britney Spears' career happened?
Football season is here are you excited as I am?
Hey, the kids want to watch Moana.
Have you heard Lady Gaga'a new song?
What did you think of Christensen as Aniken?
Who is the best Disney villain?
I saw The Revenant last night.
The DALLAS COWBOYS have a strong rivalry with the NEW YORK GIANTS.
What was the first song ever recorded by the Beatles?
Hey do you like football?
Have you heard about the new Saw movie coming out?
Do you think Clayton Kershaw will ever pitch in the playoffs again?
Want to come over and watch "Rogue One" this weekend? I just got it on DVD.
They should bring back Mace Windu.
Do you Like Judd Apatow movies?
Do you like rappers from any particular area?
Do you listen to Coldplay or Dave Matthews Band?
What was the first song you knew all the words to?
Do you enjoy listening to reggae music at all?
Did you see the Second Alice and Wonderland movie?
Who is your favorite 70's rock artist
Hey I heard a new Chris Janson song on the Bobby Bones show the other morning.
I’m bored. Do you want to do something tonight?
I love that old time rock n' roll.
I can't wait for the upcoming NFL season!
I just saw the what has to be the cutest pants ever!
Who's your favorite music artist or band?
My boyfriend and I recently saw The Fate of the Furious. Have you seen it?
Have you seen the movie Homeward Bound?
Wow. The benches cleared in Los Angeles last night!
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Do you like country music?
What is the best rock concert you ever saw?
Cowboys are that squad bro
Hey, I am in the mood to make a new CD today. Do you want to help?
Did you hear about the baseball umpire getting cheered in Philadelphia?
I liked her in RED and RED 2.
You know what's weird in Star Wars? People that support the Empire.
What's your favorite genre of rock music?
Have you looked at any of the NFL schedulet yet?
Hello, there friend have you seen Toy Story?
Do you ever listen to oldies?
So what is your favorite type of rock music?
What actor is the best in thrillers?
Who do you think was the best dressed James Bond?
Do you like Taylor Swift?
What do you prefer dramatic or comedy movies?
Ever seen the movie Snowpiercer?
Who is the artist that goes by Viktor Vaughn, MF Doom, DOOM, and Madvillain?
Hi
I like foreign movies.
Is there any young musician or band that I ought to be keeping my eye on these days?
Are you into Thriller movies at all?
You know who's early music is frequently being overlooked by radio stations?
What is your favorite oldies song by the Beatles?
Seen any good Disney movies recently?
Hey
Recently, I have been wondering if all the Beatles had survived, would they still be producing music today?
Snow White, are you a fan?
Did you see the Yankees vs Redsox game?
Have you ever seen the Texas Chainsaw Massacre?
Why are you such a big star wars fan?
I just saw the movie A Separation.
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman film yet?
You know what really upset me about Fast & Furious 6?
Do you like The Killers?
Who is the best NFL player of all time?
did you been to she  TASHA COBBS IN live?
OK, favorite Beatles song. Go!
What was the weakest Action movies of all time?
Did you see the game last night between the Pens and Senators?
Who do you think will be the surprise team this year?
So, what's your favorite Disney movie?
So did you see watch the BET awards the other day
Hey Bill?
So what do you think about the NFC North race this year?
Have you heard of Lady Antebellum?
I know Lady Gaga is a controversial figure. But, is her music controversial also?
Who do you think the best pop star of all time is?
I've been working on this school project all day.
Have you seen the new John Wick?
Do you know how to play any instrumenst?
Have you seen the movie called"Chucky" ?
Who do you like in the NFC this year to go to the Superbowl?
How do you feel about David Lynch?
What do you think about the Hunger Games movies?
Do you like movies
Are you an Aerosmith fan?
So what did you think of that 'Primal Fear' movie we saw last night?
Have you heard the new Empire of the Sun album?
What your thoughts on the eagles this year?
I got home from Las Vegas last night.
Are you excited about the new Despicable Me movie?
How is your favorite Star Wars character?
What's the last movie you saw in the theatre?
What do you think of movies?
What is your favorite NFL team?
What do you know about ethnomusicology?
Did Detroit Lions get a new quarterback?
Do you have a favorite Lady Gaga album?
Are you going to watch the Comey hearing tomorrow?
Who is your favorite pop singer?
What do you think of 80s bands like New Order?
What do you like about Lady Gaga?
I saw Lethal Weapon again on tv last night.
So, it's crazy, my boyfriend said he doesn't like the Beatles.
Did you see the Game 7 between Pittsburgh and Washington?
I can't wait for football season to start!
What is your favorite Nirvana album?
When did Beauty and the Beast come out?
So midichorians are basically mitochondria, right?
Have you seen the movie The Circle?
I just watched the Fast and the Furious series for the first time.
Is there any movies coming out that you'd like to see?
Does any one know of any good rap cd's
Hey, do you listen to Gorillaz?
I was listening to the radio today.  They had a list of the best coaches for the Saints.
Hi.
You're a big sports buff right? Which are your favorite sports?
Have you listened to a lot of the Beatles?
I've recently noticed something about the Star Wars films.
I just saw Pontypool. Have you seen it?
What time are our tickets for the Dodger game?
What are your thoughts on disney films?
Have you seen Central Intelligence with The Rock?
Remember Mark Sanches?
Have you ever heard of Enya?
Do you like Cake?
Who's your favorite music group?
What is your favorite kind of movie to see in theaters?
Do you miss watching movies on VHS?
Have you ever watched all the Star Wars movies yet?
What music are you listening to?
Do you like Dr. Dre?
Hey Oliver, I see that you have some CDs there, got anything good?
Have you seen the list of The Best and Worst Dressed at the People's Choice Awards 2017?
What ever happen to that Stallone movie Demolition Man?
what is your favorite rock band.
Hey, what's on your mind, mind?
Rambo or Rocky?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Who do you think are the greatest NFL defensive players ever?
What do you think about Lady Gaga?
Do you remember Empire Strikes Back
Hey, how's it going?
Hey did you see the Yankee game last night
I was just sitting here thinking about Bobby Brown.
So do you have a favorite band?
I am so pumped for football season! IT will be here before we know it!
What is your favorite character in the Star Wars movies?
I really hope the Orioles can win the division this year.
Hey man
You can put a cd in the cd player while we're driving if you want.
Jimi Hendrix was a groundbreaking guitar player.
This new trend of barely wearing your coat seems silly to me.
Have you ever listened to Rush?
Have you watched the new movie, "The Mummy"?
Listen! It's Bon Jovi on the radio!
Hey, have you seen the movie "Silence of the Lambs"?
What is your favorite scary movie?
Metallica is a classic band
What's your favorite western movie?
I forgot how amazing music was in 2007.
What is your favorite scary movie?
Hey, did you know that they have a sequel to Finding Nemo?
Hey Have you heard the new Megadeth album?
Man this beat is sick
Do you have a favorite Beatles album?
Did you watch The Santa Clause?
A lot of people disliked the Star Wars prequel trilogy. Was there anything about them that you did like?
Who do you think will win the AL West?
Have you ever seen Psycho?
Hi.
I just saw 101 Dalmatians.
I'm so excited that pre-season football will be starting soon!
Who do you think will win the MVP award this year?
What is the greatest love song ever written?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
I just saw Fast Five.
I'm looking for a good movie to watch!
Is the movie about  Airplanes a sequel to cars
What was you favorite band when you were growing up?
Watching these reruns of Hard Knocks is making me excited for this season
I can tell you something interesting
Did you ever get to go see Kong: Skull Island?
HAVE YOU HEARD OF KIRK FRANKIN?
Did you see Game 1 of the Eastern Conference Championships tonight?
What are your thoughts on Ariana Grande?
There is nothing to do in Tucson when it's over 100 degrees in the summer.
Do you like Lady Gaga's newer music or her greatest hits?
What's the fastest fast ball ever measured?
Who's your favorite band these days?
What team is the best this year?
So, I just read a piece about the top 100 movies of all time.
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
I can't wait for the next Star Wars movie to come out!
hi kenny,still up for the cinema tomorrow?
I think Tom Brady should retire?
Do you play music?
I am in the mood to see a movie tonight!
What's your opinion on Miley Cyrus?
Did you watch the old Star War movies?
You want to see a movie this weekend?
What type of movies did you see in the theaters when you were younger?  Movies had good memories for me.
Will you help me pick out music for my wedding?
Who is your favorite team?
Do you think the Snow Man will be a good thriller?
Do you like to listen to music?
Did you her, Terrell Davis is going to be in the Hall of Fame this year?
What food are you in the mood for right now?
do you like pop music?
I just started listening to the Jonas Brothers again and it's so great.
Are you enjoying Lady Gaga's new stuff?
Have you watched any great movies lately?
There are a lot of nice things about music.
Are you a fan of the NFL?
You know what kind of songs I really enjoy?
I'm fostering another litter of orphaned bottle fed kittens for the cat rescue I volunteer for.
What NFL rookie are you most excited about seeing play?
The bar is doing Star Wars trivia next week. What do you think they'll ask about?
We wanted to go to the movies but there isn't much in.
Do you like the Beatles?
What did you think of Lady Gaga's performance with Metallica at The Grammys?
Do you think Rey and Fin will end up together?
Bill Romanowski is pretty crazy, even by linebacker standards!
Do you know who T.I. is?
What's your favorite thing about rock music?
What the hell happened to the Fast and Furious movie series?
Have you ever seen Inglorious Bastards?
i think mc hammer tring to make a comeback
What is a hidden style of music that you like?
Have you ever seen the movie Anchorman?
Man, I hate this weather! It just won't stop raining.
I like ja rule
I love the movie V for Vendetta, have you ever seen it?
I just watched Moana for the first time finally.
Have you heard about the Pro Football hall of fame for 2017.
What do you think of the White Album?
Did you see the Open Air Festival lineup?
What is your favorite disney princess?
Did you see the game last night?
Hey would you like to come and spend the night with me?
I got into an argument on Twitter last night with some jerk.
Did you see Pocahontas?
Do you like Madonna's music?
Hey! How do you feel about the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie coming out?
I miss the hair bands of the eighties.
Who makes the strangest thrillers?
Who is the bass player of Metallica?
I know some people call football an American past time, but it seems popular all over the world.
Seen any good thriller movies yet?
Hey, how are you?
What style of rock music is your favorite?
Can you please play the new Ed Sheeran CD?
I watched National Treasure the other night.
Is it a MJ movie out ?
What disney movies do you remember as a kid?
Did do you think the San Francisco 49ers made good decisions this off season?
What is your favorite album by the Beatles?
Football season is almost here!
Well I guess the Astros are for real. They now have the best record in baseball.
I just saw The Third Man.
Have you heard of Twenty One Pilots?
What do you think of Eminem?
You've got to have at least a top five list of all-time favorite movies, let me hear them.
What are your thoughts on Roger Goodell?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
How did you like the latest Star Wars movie?
Have you heard the new fleet foxes album?
Okay, so Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs was the first Disney movie to come out, but what was the first Disney Pixar movie?
Hey what do you think of Carson Wentz?
Who was the better mentor to Luke Skywalker, Obi Wan Kenobi or Yoda?
You know Walt Disney was a bit fan of Kurt Russel.
Did you hear that Roger Moore died?
Have you heard the Carly Rae Jepsen song, Cut to the Feeling?
Let's talk about Thriller movies.
Do you like football?
You know the opening song in The Lion King?
Have you heard of Reinxeed?
What was your least favorite band in the 90's?
What is your favorite 80's film?
what is your favorite disney movie?
Do you like rock
do you enjoy rock music
What do you think about the stereotype for country music?
Hey
What do you think of Queens of the Stone Age?
What do you think about the collapse in quality of music today?
Have you seen the new Disney movie that came out?
Who is your favorite nfl wide quarterback?
Do you watch disney movies
So what kind of music do you like?
What's the best album of the 2000s?
You know, when I was a kid, I thought the Pink Panther movies were supposed to be cartoons?
What did you think of the star wars story rogue one?
You've seen the original Mad Max, right?
Michael Cera is a good actor
So Joe, did you ever see the first film Clint Eastwood directed, Play Misty for Me?
I  miss Lady Gaga's earlier work.
Who is your favorite character in star wars?
Do you like country music?
Do you like animals and Disney movies?
How to you think the Miami Dolphins will do this year?
Hi. Haven't talked to you in a while.
You see the standings in the AL East?
If you could learn more about any side character in Star Wars who would it be?
So basically I am like obsessed with Ed Sheeran at the moment.
Are you ready for the season?
What's a good song to learn to play on the Ukulele?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
I have tickets for the Smashing Pumpkins concert this weekend, do you want to go?
Are you a fan of the lord of the rings?
I was and still am a huge fan of Twista.
What kind of music is your least favorite?
It is strange to me how disney can make some great films and then such awful ones.
I think the most dreamy rapper ever was LL Cool J.
Name a girl group from the 60s that influenced Beyonce?
Have you ever seen the movie The Holy Grail?
Hi Todd, how are you?
I love to watch any move with Tom Hanks.
Do you have a favorite director?
Did you see Doctor Strange?
You ever see Groundhog Day?
Do you have any clue if the Washington Redskins are a good team?
You see that new Kendrick Lamar video that dropped yesterday?
What do you think of disney princesses?
Did you see the Clippers game the other day?
Hey, I got a cool fact.
NBA playoffs are unreal this year. Are you watching it?
What is your favorite comedy?
Have you watched the original series ?
Do you ever listen to local bands?
So who is the best Batman of all time?
Which league is better, the NFL or the NBA?
Have you been to see the latest, 2017 version of Beauty and the Beast?
Quick question
Do you think Lady Gaga is our generation's Madonna?
What do you think should happen to the NBA's bottom-feeders?
Have you seen barbershop?
hi there...have you been watching these NBA playoffs?
Did you like The Force Awakens?
What do you think the purpose of music is?
Yo i got a question for you
Are you familiar with Rhonda Vincent?
When does the new "Spiderman" movie come out?
Ever seen the Secret Life of Pets?
What is the best western you've ever seen?
What's the most beautiful music?
I tried watching Star Trek Beyond the other day.
So i see Houston has to face New England in the third game of the pre-season.
The lineup for this Music Midtown concert is awesome!
What's your favorite Pixar Movie?
What are you listening to this summer? I'm really enjoying Halsey's duet with that girl from Little Mix.
You ever hear about the rock band KISS?
If you watched all of the movies, which order would you view them?
Who is your favorite rapper
Do you like Aladdin?
What was the best pop band of our time?
Who do you think is going to take home MVP this year?
Have you ever been to a live major league baseball game?
Hey man, did you ever see Dragon Heart?
Hi.
I just saw the third Harry Potter movie.
Do you follow the National Football League?
What is a good type of music that will pump me ?
How about dem Browns?
Yo you heard of that band Five Iron Frenzy?
What was the last movie you seen?
How have you been doing today?
Hon Solo is like Lord Vader.
Do you think that rap music is better now than when Tupac was alive?
Did you ever see the clip of that quarterback breaking his leg?
How do you feel about symphonic metal?
What did you think of attack of the clones?
Do you think the NHL will contract a team?
Who is your favorite hip-hop singer?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Have you seen that NFL show on Amazon?
What do you think about Lady Gaga's music
i forgot how good the beatles are
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
The Trailblazers have a bright future ahead of them
What do you think about college basketball vs. the NBA?
Do you know the song, 'Bad Things' by Machine Gun Kelly?
I can't stand Kanye.
So, I was just listening to BabyMetal.
What did you think of some of the movies that have came out in 2017?
Hi! So I want to see if you could recommend me any good international movies?
Where do you think they filmed Fast and the Furious?
Here we go again. Rate your Top 5 favorite movie soundtracks. Ready?
I like talking about music
What are some of the best NFL video games of all time?
Did anyone see My Rachel yet, the movie?
So you said that you're a fan of Furious 7?
Do you like movies?
What movie should I watch this weekend?
I need some new music.
Who do you think the greatest running back in Raiders history is?
Do you prefer superhero movies with DC or Marvel?
Is it just me or was Artpop an underrated album?
I really love Beyoncé. She's one of my favorite artists.
I re-watched all of the Harry Potter movies last week.
Do you think that the White Album is the Beatles best album?
What is a good comedy by the Coen Brothers?
Is the Heat still going?
do you like the black parade?
How do you feel about the Pro Bowl?
Remember when you were little and your mom would sing you a lullaby?
I love watching hockey except for one team.
I want an owl like harry had in the movies
Would you go to an all pop concert?
Do you know the band Nickelback?
So I heard that you're a bit of a trivia buff.
Do you like remakes of old classic movies?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
I just saw Pee Wee Hermna's Big Adventure -- have you seen it?
What was the first Disney cartoon movie?
HI! Are you ready for the NFL football season to start?
What movie are you most excited about this year?
Have you ever seen Running Scared?
I really enjoyed Rogue One.
What is a good, heavy rock band to listen to?
So what would be one of your favorite Disney movies of all time?
Did you enjoy American Sniper?
The most recent Indiana Jones movie was just awful.
Do you want to watch this? Mike and Dave need wedding dates?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Hey are you stoked about the new Lorde concert?
Did you see the Boston, Cleveland game tonight?
Did you like Batman v Superman?
Seems like there's a pretty good group of safeties in the league right now.
Do you like Black Panther?
Man Mustaine has fallen
Chris what is up you been watching the playoffs.
Did you ever watch the original Shining movie?
Do you have a favorite underground rapper?
Have you seen Moana
Do you like the Paranomormal Activity movies?
Do you like thrillers?  Scary movies?
We were watching a great movie last night and I can't remember the name.
What are some of your favorite rappers?
I cannot remember it but i watched this bad movie
My favorite kinds of movies are comedies.
What do you think about pop music?
Have you enjoyed any recent superhero films?deadpool?
Have you seen the new Batman?
There seem to be some good young teams out there that could over take both soon.
Do you think paul McCartney and ringo Starr will ever tour together?
Who do you think was the best band of the 2000s?
Does Cinderella marry Prince Charming at the end of Cinderella?
Have you been keeping up with the playoffs?
I never got to watch the entire Alice in Wonderland movie.
Have you seen Brave?
what do you think of fight club?
Who do you think is the best running back ever?
Hi there
Rey's imagination bothers me.
Do you like Blink 182?
Did you see the advert for the new Transformer movie?
So what do you think of classical music.
Isn't it weird that Disney owns Marvel now?
Yo you got to check out that new Marvel movie
Have you seen Clue?
Lets talk about music
Have you ever head of the movie Bolt that Disney made?
I saw your ex-boyfriend at the mall yesterday.
Dude. I love this stuff.
The movie 16 Blocks was crazy.
Have you seen Doctor Strange yet?
Have you seen the movie Silence Of The Lambs?
What was your favorite car in the fast and furious movies?
Do you realize that there is almost never a mother in Disney movies?
What is your take on the movie Captain America: Civil War?
You know what's crazy?
Do you prefer musical comedies or straight comedies?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's music?
So, I was building a snowman this afternoon and it reminded me of that song from Frozen.
What did you think of the latest movie?
We should watch "The Lone Ranger" later.
Do you enjoy listening to Eminem these days?
What is the name of the that movie you watched
Have you been watching the NBA playoffs this year?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's most recent music.
what was your favorite  recent thriller film?
Do you listen to music digitally or buy discs?
Do you want to go watch Alien:Covenant?
Lets talk about the fast and the furious
Why didn't the patriots run the ball
Have you seen any good movies lately?
What is your favorite television theme song? It doesn't have to be an original song.
If you could see anyone in concert who would it be?
Did you have Disney movies and Dvd's when you were a kid?
I heard The Mummy was filled with action scenes.
What do you think of the neighborhood?
You know there is yet another Toy Story in the works.
Can I be honest for a second?
What was the first Pixar film?
Severus Snape as a character absolutely disgusts me.
Lets talk about the Beatles music
Hey there
What did you think of Phantom Menance?
What would you do to improve the NFL?
I am not a huge rap fan but I do love Outkast.I used to listen to them alot.
Did you see the new Disney movie Beauty and the Beast with real people as characters?
What's the strangest instrument for making music you've ever heard of?
What do you think of the storm troopers in Star Wars?
Do you remember the Rams from 1999? I did not watch football back then and someone mentioned that team recently.
Have you seen the movie A Dog's Purpose?
How come we never go to the movies anymore?
What kind of music do you like?
Is Sum 41 still a band?
What are you up to today?
T minus 2 months until the 2017 NFL season begins. I can't wait!
Hey did you take your kids to see the new Beauty and the Beast.
What song would you say summarizes your 20s?
What is your favorite David lynch movie?
I finally saw Wonder Woman this weekend.
Do you like any rap or hip hop?
Are you into the band Queens of the Stone Age.
What is the type of music you prefer?
What do you think about Superman movies?
Did you ever see Groundhog Day?
What do you think of The Purge movies?
Did you hear that Modest Mouse is going to be playing here next month?
Do you prefer the prequels of Star Wars or the original trilogy?
Do you want to go riding around with me for a little while?
Who is the best pop artist out right now?
Have you seen all of the X-Men movies?
I think the Bears are going to be bad this year.
What is your favorite superhero movie?
Is the Conjuring series really based on a true story?
Do you know any good comedy movies?
What's your theory has to who Rey is?
What is your favorite 90s song?
Do you like rap music?
Why do you think Peter Parker didn't use his Spiderman abilities to make money more?
Who is your favorite team in the NFL?
OK, favorite Smashing Pumpkins album.
What's the best movie you have seen recently?
Have you seen any good action movies lately?
What are some of your favorite vintage rap songs?
I cannot stand pop music it is so bland
Do you remember 50 Cent?
I could listen to Beyonce all day.
Did you see the live version of Beauty and the Beast?
Hey do you know if Palmer is playing this season?
Have you seen Alien: Covenant?
Hey!  How have you been?
What have you been listening to lately?
Did you like the cast of Chicago?
Did you get a chance to watch the live actions Beauty and the Beast remake?
I like Peter Gabriel too.
So who do you think are the greatest football players of all time?
Have you listened to the radio lately? There's some awesome new pop hits!
The Wizard of Oz was a real classic film
Howdy!
Are you a Beatles fan?
Is Greedo the creepiest looking Star Wars villain of all time?
Would you go see another fox and the hound movie?
Are you James Bond fan?
Hello.
I just got done watching Moana, have you seen it yet?
Hi! What are you doing today?
Do you think that Leveon Bell will stay healthy this season?
Did you enjoy going to the Pittsburgh Penguins and Ottawa Senators game on Saturday?
You know, people are really hard on Snape for the way he treated Neville Longbottom.
So, what new pop music have you been listening to?
Hi! Are you an NFL fan?
Man this is whack
I was so surprised about this info on NFL players.
Okay, who is your favorite 90s heavy metal band?
My nephew was in a boy band called Dream Street.
Who is your favorite comedic movie star?
Do you like any of Miley Cyrus's music?
Would you like to spend the night at my house tonight?
What do you like about Diagon Alley?
So you like the Beatles?
You think they'll make another Iron Man.
Hey there
Who do you think is the best NFL franchise?
I just picked up the greatest hits of CCR, it was just rereleased again.
Hey, ever watched the moive Shoot'em Up.
Have you seen Big Trouble In Little China?
Did you see the first Fast and the Furious movie?
Have you see any good comedies lately?
I'm thinking of getting my mom an album of some kind for her birthday.
Is it football season yet?
Hey J.D did you think about that concert invite I sent?
Are you still in a band?
I just saw Guardians of the Galaxy 2.
Where you headed?
I didn't really care for the fast and the furious franchise.
Was Adele nominated for the best album of the year for the 2017 Grammy's?
Dude, how are your Broncos going to do this season?
ok lets name the best singers of all time
Did you watch The Ring 2?
lana del rey is one of the best pop artists, i don't know why she's always shit on
Of the Beatles, do you consider yourself more of a John or a Paul fan?
Who do you think the most over rated wizard in the Harry Potter movies is?
The Giants owner, Wellington Mara subscribed to newspaper from all over the country, looking for new upcoming talents.
Did you notice the Penguins pulled their goalie in the 2nd period
I've been thinking about Elvis Presley recently.  do you think he was over-rated, or do you think he deserved all the attention he got?
I can't believe we'll never have a new Harry Potter film.
Which star wars movie did you like the best?
Who do you think the best quarterback in the NFL is?
Who is your favorite country artist?
Did you see the hip hop movie about Eazy E
Did you know that the movie  "Annabella" is based on a true story?
In The Hateful 8, Samuel L. Jackson plays the role I think he thought he was going to be playing in Django.
Hi.
Have you heard the new Incubus album?
What music have you been listening to recently?
I'm ready for Manning to come back.
I like Chewbacca.
Would you change any cast member if you could?
Walk this Way by Run DMC was one of the greatest rap songs of all time.
What is your favorite recent disney movie?
Are you ready for the NFL to start.
Have you seen the new movie, Fantastic Beasts and Where to find them?
Favorite Disney princess. Go.
Who was the best basketball player in the game
Do you like classical music?
What do you think of the Manning brothers?
It's been such a long time since I saw Toy Story!
I can't believe how many Disney movies have come out over the years. How many can you name?
Did you see the Cavs and Celtics games the other night?
Have you heard any good new songs lately?
Hello.
What do you think was the best zombie movie of all time?
You have to watch that movie "Waking Ned Devine".
Did you see Manchester by the Sea this year?
Did you ever see that crazy Harrison Ford thriller where his whole family got kidnapped?
Have you ever seen the movie dirty dancing?
what's your favorite movie genre?
Do you like  gory movies?
Have you ever read a book and then watched the movie adaptation?
Ay
What's your favorite song from any Disney movie?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Did you see game 2 between the Spurs and Warriors.
So what is your favorite Superhero movie franchise?
What album is better? U2's Pop or Lady Gaga's ARTPOP?
I think I have watched all the horror movies on streaming! All that is left is zombie movies, which I do not like.
The Yankees are doing well this season, don't you think?
Have you ever seen The Last Samurai?
What do you think about the Falcons this year?
The Lion Kind was such a classic
Hello.
There was some controversy over an NFL player's football cards not having an authentic signature.
Have you seen the new movie about Tupac Shakur?
What's your favorite Disney song ?
Why do you think football is so popular?
Did you know that they are making "It" the 1986 horror novel by American author Stephen King into a movie?
So what was your favorite Disney movie when you were a kid?
Did you ever like Selena when she was out back in the day?
What is your favorite action movie?
Who do you think is going to win the series between Ottawa Senators and Pittsburgh Penguins?
Are the Pixar movies part of Disney?
So, how have you been today?
So, who is your favorite NFL coach?
Your dog reminds me of someone.
Were you a fan of those older horror movies?
I finally broke down and watched Don't Breathe last night.
What do think about Michael Jackson?
Wow this movie is really got me on the edge of my seat
Tell me what music you have been listening to as of late.
I can't watch Lebron tonight!
Barbershop is one of my favorite comedy movies
I'm really starting to appreciate Kander and Ebb.
Do you know that the band THE DOORS are coming out with a new cd in the fall?
What's your least favorite Disney Pixar movie?
did you like cars?
Does Adam Sandler still make movies at all?
Let's talk about Avengers: Age of Ultron.
I've been wondering this for a while. What's the difference between contemporary and legit?
What ever happened to dubstep?
What is the scariest thing you have ever seen in a Disney movie?
Did you see that Keanu Reeves movie?
So, what's your favorite horror film?
Hey have you heard Jack White's new single?
Is Tim Burton coming out with anything?
I want to talk about music
Do you happen to like Thriller movies?
Do you think there will ever be a Toy Story 4?
Who are your favorite directors?
Which one of the Star Wars Movies is your favorite?
I just saw Swiss Family Robinson.
What do you think about Metallica releasing a new album?
Hi.
How about those Predators?
I can't wait for football season
Have you ever heard of the Beatles?
Who do you think is prettier, Padme or Leia?
Isn't baseball great?
Are you in to classic films?
I have pictures to show you of my kids Trick or Treating last weekend.
Have you heard of Token?
Do you like any rap music?
So what are you up to this evening?
I know this is old, but have you seen "10 Things I Hate about You?"
Have you seen the new Guardian of the Galaxy movie yet?
What is your favorite genre of music?
Hi Jack!
What is Resorvoir Dogs?
Do you listen to a lot of southern rock?
Whatever happened to Charlie Kaufman?
Do you like pop music?
Have you seen Shutter Island?
Hey, have you started using Spotify yet?
I want to start listening to rap but I don't know what's good. Could you give me some recommendations?
Do you like jazz?
Who's you favorite Star Wars character?
Did you see the new Disney movie "Moana"?
The Texas Rangers have got to do better on the road.
Do you remember the orginal Salem's Lot movie?
Did you see the new beauty and the beast?
Hey just so you know, I'm not coming to the Jets Giants preseason game this year.
What concert are we going to?
Do you like Star Wars movies?
Have you ever seen The Exorcist?
Did you watch the Pirate game yesterday?
What are some of the songs that Lady Gaga sings?
Mulan is one of my favorite movies.
When will the Dallas Cowboys get better?
Yo J.D., did you by chance see the new Chargers stadium being built?
Who is your all time favorite rock band  ?
Do you have Spotify?
Do you think that criminals should be able to act and direct?
I just watched The Conjuring again. It had been a while since I'd seen it and it was just as good as before.
What is your favorite Marilyn Monroe movie?
Did you catch the season finale of The Voice?
How come 90's fashion is coming back?
My favorite song off the album is Tessellate.
50 cent is a cool artist would you say
Did you enjoy the Force Awakens.
What's your favorite movie?
I love music
Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 yet?
Did you listen to the Red Hot Chili Peppers CD I gave you?
What genre of movies do you like?
Who do you think is the best receiver in the NFL?
I like Clint Eastwood. Did you ever see Gran Torino?
Do you think Rey will always be good?
You've seen The Grudge right?
Boy, those Battlin' Bucs really took a turn toward the basement of the NL Central Again this year.
I don't like when people try to predict how every NFL team will do beforehand
What about horror movies?
I was speaking to a friend during the week about the new 2 Chainz album.
Who is your favorite character in the Star Wars series?
I just watched Get Out. Have you seen it?
I wonder when they will make a John Wick 3?
Did you ever see Elton John in concert?
Did you see the new Star Wars movie?
Who do you think will be the five best receivers in the NFL next year?
Hey Jon how are things?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Do you like Helter Skelter?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's new music?
Which Star Wars movie has the best lightsaber fight?
Have you listened to Ed Sheeran's new album yet?
Have you ever seen the original Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs?
Do you like any particualr NFL team?
What kind of music do you like?
I need some football!
Hi.
I am so hungry right now it's ridiculous.
Is U2 a pop group?
What do you think of Born This Way?
I can't wait for football to start. It's the Bills year this year!
I am a huge Atlanta Falcons fan.  Do you follow the Falcons?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Someone told me you're a big Beatles fan, is that true?
You heard that Prodigy died?
Who is the better obi wan kenobi?
Have you ever seen any Mel Brooks films?
Did you see the last Transformers?
So, you're a car fan.
Have you ever noticed how dying can make a musician more popular?
So are you still a big football fan?
Are you going to the U2 concert in June?
Have you seen any good thriller movies lately?
Have you seen any of the new superhero movies?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Darth Vader could have kicked Palpatine's butt if he wanted to.
What movie are you most anticipating?
Want to talk about movies
Do you have any music or songs you like that tell a story?
Hey dude
What did you think of last night's Yankees Royals game?
Calvin Harris has a really nice voice, actually
I dont really like talking about politics.  What is your favorite radio station around here?
Hi there.
What is your favorite unknown Beatles song?
Have you seen fast five?
What's your favorite Lady Gaga song?
We were watching a couple Disney movies on dvd at my aunt's house this weekend, and one of them was Moana. My aunt was telling me how this movie made people upset.
Have you heard of Ratatat?
The NFL season is coming soon, are you excited?
Do you enjoy older films?
Do you like movies based on true stories?
Who's your favorite Star Wars character?
Did you hear of the movie Wadjda?
Do you think the raiders will be as good as they showed last year?
I'm having a terrible time with the Debussy piece.
What are your top five favorite movies of all time?
I want to go see the the new Baywatch movie.
Do you remember the movie The Wizard of Oz?
Hey what are you listening to?
Have you seen the planet of the apes?
When did the Cowboys win their second Super Bowl?
If you like period vampire movies, I think you'd like Interview With a Vampire.
Do you think you can name all of the members of the Beatles?
Did you see that they released the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
Do you like nsync
Have you seen big hero 6?
Alright we discussed Julio Jones and Odell Beckham Jr. but where does Antonio Brown fall into this?
Hey how do you think the Bills will do this year?
What rock band do you think is best on stage?
Do you think the Cubs repeat this year?
Do you remember the movie "The Sixth Sense"?
I was watching a catwalk, and some of them were rubbish.
Hey man, do you follow football?
Do you like thriller movies?
What are your favorite trends right now?
Hey what was the name of red hair girl in The Little Mermaid?
What would say is the greatest pop song of all time?
Did you see the movie The Princess and the Frog?
Have you heard Justin Beiber's new song Despacito?
I wonder who had the most punt return TDs last year...
You like John Lennon solo music?
So.....do you think that baseball players still retaliate against each other?
Of the classic Disney princesses, who is your favorite?
Are you going to see It when it comes out?
Do you know the Beatles have a channel on Sirius/XM now?
Hey, were you ever a New Kids on the Block fan?
What do you think of Frozen?
Seen any good movies recently?
When you've just started dating someone, picking a movie is easy.
did you see chasing amy
How many types of music do you listen to regularly?
What is Happy Birthday to me?
I saw a clip of Kristen Bell on Ellen singing that Frozen song!
What caused changes in Todd Gurley's play between 2015 and 2016?
Hey now, what kind of music is this you are listening to?
Do you still like Miley Cyrus and her music.
Do you think Darth Vader was really evil?
What kind of movies do you like?
Do you like really smart movies?
Have you ever listened to Kpop music?
Do you care for Killing Daddy?
What's the oldest movie you've ever seen?
I have the whole weekend off and I am excited!
Did you hear about the new Star Wars spin-off?
Do you like Fast and Furious movies?
Did you hear Tom Brady has written a book?
Can you imagine them making a cross over
I just saw Cars 3.
So what are your thoughts on Lady Gaga?
Have you heard of the band Home Free?
WHat is your favorite disney movie?
Hey, do you know the singer Lady Gaga?
what do you think about the new bands out today?
We're going to the James McMurtry concert next month.
Seen any good Disney movies recently?
So, which Star Wars movie is the best, in your humble opinion?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Hi.
Guess what happens on 9/7/2017?
Who's your favorite Disney princess?
Did you ever see Shudder Island.
Do you want to go to the movies tommorow
What do you think of Wilson Phillips?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Did you see our band perform last night?
Have you seen Mel Gibson's Hacksaw Ridge yet?
Would you want to live in the world of Disney's Pinocchio?
Have you got your man cave done yet, the NFL season starts soon?
Hi there.
Have you heard of the Wild Reeds?
how did you feel about rogue one?
Do you like the Disney movie Fantasia?
Who do you think was the better Packers Quarterback Brett Favre or Aaron Rogers.
Have you seen any of the Fast & Furious movies?
Wasn't Cloud City the coolest?
What did you like about Rogue One?
Okay, best Disney movies of the 2000s.
What do you think of The Killers' new stuff?
Hi
Hi.
Do you have a favourite Star Wars character?
I just listened to a new artist named Nick Johnston.
Did you hear System of a Down is touring?
Hey do you want to come watch the NFL Football game at my house this Sunday?
Have you noticed how much Disney movies have changed over the last several years like Frozen, Brave Etc?
Do you like 1990's films?
We sure have lost a lot of musicians lately.
What kind of movies do you like?
Are you doing to see the new Deadpool film?
Hi
What's the last best thriller movie you've seen?
One of my favorite comedies.  Super Troopers.
Tell me about the last movie you saw.
Hey
Have you heard of Dirtyphonics?
Have you seen any awesome thrillers lately? I know you've always got the know!
Did you get to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2?
Hey, can I ask you a question? About Star Wars?
Do you like to talk about music?
What's your favorite electronic band?
You a big Bengals fan?
Have you heard that the Incredibles 2 is coming out next year?
What did you think about the movie Tangled?
Have you listened to Taking Back Sunday?
Hi.
You know, Disney was really good at making me cry growing up.
I think you're overlooking Bambi.
So how are the falcons gonna do this year?
Did you see all of the Fast & Furious movies?
Do you think Princess Leai will get a solo film?
The Philadelphia Phillies are a joke!
Who is your favorite 80's rock band?
Seahawks and Chargers going head to head beginning of Pre-Season.
Do you listen to pop music?
So I finally got to hear that new DJ Kali song
I love all the disney channel cinderella stories
What are your favorite Disney films?
Sharon,I have been watching the fashion shows and you would not believe what the models have been wearing on their feet.
I remember Linda Blair in the Exorcist movie.
I need to find another movie to watch! I am constantly watching "Interstellar" by Christopher Nolan.
What music do you like to listen to while you are painting?
Wanna watch a movie tonight?
I really miss the cinema of the 70s.
Is it just me or are there a lot less huge hit family movies than when we were kids?
Did you hear about the live action lion king remake?
What year did the Beatles first visit the United States
What do you think of Skrillex?
Who do you think will play Mulan in the new live-action Mulan movie?
Have you seen "Ouija: Origin of Evil"? I watched it last night.
What's the first Disney movie you ever saw?
Do you like the Beatle's album Sargent Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band?
Have you seen flatliners?
What team in the AFC can beat the Patriots this season?
what style of music do you enjoy?
What have you heard about the movie, "Wonder Woman?"
I think the remake of Dawn of the Dead is better than the original.
Have you ever seen Jaws?
Do you like Mike Myers?
Hey there, are you going to watch any NFL games this season?
What is coming into fashion?
There is a good movie out called" The Hollow".
Hi
My sister loves the singer of Buck Cherry.
What happened during the Rams and Patriots game last night?
Do you remember Steve Young?
Did you hear that Disney is making a fourth Toy Story movie?
What kind of music do you listen to when you want to pump yourself up?
what do you think about lee William mother day greatest gospel bowl,
I love to rollerblade and dance. Do you?
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
Can you believe those Colorado Rockies?
Who is an inspiring NFL player?
What do you think of the group Pop Evil?
Did you like Fast and the Furious Tokyo Drift?
Hey, what is your favorite kind of films to watch?
I am excited for the next Star Wars movie. Do you think Luke is the last Jedi from the title?
Did you hear about fifth Harmony?
Have you seen any good movies in the past few months?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Heard any good new music lately?
Hey man who is the best quarterback to play in the NFL
What ever happened to Dizzee Rascal?
I certainly miss the old coach post game meltdowns.
Afternoon.
So what did you think about Rogue One?
Don't know about you, but I'm a huge fan of the Batman movies.
What's your favorite movie that I'd never expect you to love?
Did you like the superbowl halftime show this past year?
What did you listen to when you were in high school?
Was Atlantis the absolute bomb I think it was?
How did you like Lady Gagas song 'The Cure'?
What you think of Jurassic World
You know who I have really been getting into lately?
So how about those Cowboys, huh?
I really miss John Candy.
What's your favorite band?
In Phantom Menace, what did you think about Darth Maul?
What do you think of lady gaga?
did the beatlles make a song with john lennon
I just saw The French Connection.
Do you like Dawes?
What's going on Brian? Aren't you a Raiders fan?
I watched the best movie the other day, "the Rock".
I just saw Passengers at the movie theaters. Have you seen it?
I like music in other forms than just music
Have you heard about that new movie with Scarlett Johansson?
I just saw The Empire Strikes Back.
Have you ever seen the Evil Dead series?
How long has rap been your all time music?
What do you think of country music?
Are there any rumors yet about 'Fast 9?'
Have you seen La La Land?
Have you seen any good war and military movies? I'm looking for some good ones.
How do you think they will handle Carrie Fisher's death in the upcoming movies?
Miley Cyrus is releasing a country album soon.
Are you Jimmy?
Did you see the Dark Knight?
Getting excited about NFL football camps opening soon?
You know, there are some football players who have some famous ancestors.
I am frustrated
Who are some popular pop artists?
Do you think that today's youth pay attention when you talk to them?
Hey, did you see that new Alien movie yet?
Hey! Are you excited about football season this year?
What is your favorite kind of music today?
Did you see the photos of everyone's outfits from the Met Gala?
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF KIRK FRANKIN
What thriller movie stands out the most to you?
Did you get to see Beauty and the Beast?
A lot of people disagree with me here, but I'm a big fan of The Matrix sequels.
What's your favorite music genre?
Are you into rock music?
Do you follow the NFL?
This game is a shoe-in.
How great was Robin Williams in Alladin?
Kelly did Akon at one time signed Lady Gaga on his Konvict music label.
What inning is the current game in?
I just saw Krampus over the weekend.  Wasn't that the one you told me about?
Would a Palpatine backstory be a good stand alone movie?
Can't wait 'til Hamilton comes to town. Do you like musical theatre?
Hi.
Do you like the marlins Ed?
Have you seen the Omen
I keep hearing people say Kylo Ren is going to turn good.
Have you watched any good action films lately?
Ugh, I'm so tired of the Patriots winning everything.
Have you heard Shawn Mendes' most recent release?
Have you ever seen Rocky?
Did you watch Arrival yet?
Remember the band Credence Clearwater Revival?
Have you seen the new King Kong movie?
Did you like Boba Fett in the Star Wars movies?
What's the difference between Hip Hop and Rap Music?
Do you like classic rock?
Have you seen the movie, "Split"?
Hey, have you ever listened to BBNG?
I wonder when the horror movies began?
You ever watched a movie, then watched it again years later?
Did you ever see Coming to America?
Hi.
Have you ever listened to Nuno Bettencourt?
Have you seen all the Little Mermaid movies?
Whats your favorite horror movie?
Who is your favorite team?
What's your least favorite Star Wars movie?
Do you like the Beatles at all?
Do you watch NFL football?
So do you think that Adrian Peterson will come back strong this year?
Do you think they should do another Alladin?
What do you think about the movie Hercules?
What is your favorite Lovecraftian horror movie?
Do you like the Dodgers?
Do you like Star Wars?
Who's your least favorite band?
Man, SZA is really blowing up right now.
How are your guitar lessons coming along?
Do you like Stephen Kings movies? He's my favorite author!
Lets talk about music.  What is your favorite band/performer?
Had you ever seen the movie The Blues Brothers?
Elvis Presley sure was amazing!
The movie "It" by Stephen King is coming to the theater it is a remake.
Have you ever seen Amusement?
Hi.
Jackson is hilarious in this movie- I know he is not comedy relief, but at times it feels like it, because so much of the rest of the movie is tense.
I love Alesso!
Have you seen Manchester by the Sea yet?
Have you seen the movie The Sound of Music? I heard good reviews.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Do you want to go to The Phish show later?
who do you think are the best female singers ever
Did you get to see the Ant-Man?
Have you ever seen Zombieland?
Have you seen the movie Flubber with Robin Williams?
What's your favorite aspect of Ice Hockey?
Did you see Pult Fiction?
I was just thinking about the music from when we were in high school.
National Treasure was a good series for Disney
What happens at the beginning of Star Wars?
Are you going to go see Gaurdians of the Galaxy 2 this weekend?
Toy Story was a good movie did you like it
Do you think there will be any new teams soon?
Do you think wookies have flea and lice problems?
Hi.
what do you think about Jungle Book?
Do you know who is still in the NHL playoffs?
I just watched  Inglourious Basterds the other day. What a great movie!
What kind of music do you like?
I was thinking we should do a disney movie night.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What kind of music do you usually listen to?
I was recently recommended a band with a really beautiful sound.
Have you seen any good comedies recently?
How crazy was that Celtics beatdown?
What's up Phil, what are you listening to?
What did you think of Arrival?
Do you like Opera?
Do you like Inception.
I wonder how many sequels they will do.
Which did you find scarier conjuring 1 or 2?
What ever happened to U2?
I love iron man
The Cavaliers are much better than the Celtics.
Man Disney has gone down the toilet
Do you still need those Harry Potter DVD's?
What is the movie Far From Home?
Have you ever seen Lonesome Dove?
Yeah!
Did you ever see Platoon?
Definitely better that Pulp Fiction. For one, it was much more innovative.
Are you excited about the season starting in less than two months?
Did you see Cars 2 yet?
Did you hear Remy Martin and Nicki Minaj going at it back and forth?
Han sure liked Chewy's crossbow.
I can't see the television!
Have you seen Disney's Sleeping Beauty?
Yea, there are a lot of good teams in the NFL now.
Have you seen any foreign action movies?
Hey, you been following baseball this year?
Who is your favorite character in the movie Frozen?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XXV.
Have you heard any good bands lately
Do you like Disney movies?
Have you heard about the doping scandal in baseball recently?
What did you think of Grand Tarino?
Do you like football?
What is your favorite non cartoon Disney movie?
Do you like DMX?
Rogue One is my favorite Star Wars film.
have you had a chance to see gone girl?
Have you seen Independence Day, Part 2?
Tell me about the movie you lhate ove the most
I just saw Breathless.
Out of all The Shining remakes out there, none has out done the original.
What do you think would have happened if Harry had not blackmailed Mary Jane?
Have you heard of Avril Lavigne
Which conference is the strongest for NCAA basketball?
I watched Pinocchio the other day. I hadn't seen it in years.
When do the NFL training camps start?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Have you seen across the universe?
Who is a pop artist you like?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Lets talk about music
Which past non-divisional rivalry do you wish could be reignited?
Hi.
Hey, you gonna see the new Fast and Furious movie?
Have you ever seen The Hangover?
Do you like going to movie theaters to watch movies?
OK, pop quiz: what's the greatest rock album of the 80's?
Do you think The Beatles still have an impact today?
Is it football season yet?
What's your favorite music genre?
Alright my man, let's talk about the NFC North.
I just rewatched all the old Star Wars movies this weekend.
I heard a musician I love.  I can't wait to buy their cd.
I've been a fan of rock music since the 1960's.
So which did you like better the old Star Wars or new ones?
Are you going to see the King Auther?
Did you ever see the Proposal?
Have you heard any good rap albums lately?
Are you a John mellencamp fan?
Hey, are you a fan of the NFL?
Do you like the character Captain Phasma?
What is you favorite  McGonagall moment in the last two movies?
Have you heard the new Katy Perry and Migos track?
How old are you.
Have you ever noticed how the same music is used all over the place? Especially classical music in films and TV dramas and documentaries.
I had a dream last night about watching NFL football.
Do you like Ed Sheeran?
Who's your favorite Dumbledore?
Are you disappointed that the Lightning missed the playoffs?
So do you think the Patriots can repeat this year?
Hey, have you heard of Twenty One Pilots?
So did you get to see Logan yet?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
What kind of movies do you like?
What is one of your favorite Disney movies?
How do you feel about all the premium movie channels creating TV shows?
What do you think of the latest Fast & Furious film?
Has anyone seen Cars 3 yet?
Hey, have you seen the new Fast and Furious movie?
Did you hear the song that just played?
Who are some of your favorite NFL teams?
What are you working on for your blog?
How did Kryptonite became a thing anyway?
have you listened to Justin Beiber's new song?
I know you're probably too young, but do you know anything about the Beetles?
The first movie seems very kid-friendly to me.
How do you feel about Janet Jackson?
What is a really good comedy movie from overseas?
I've been into contemporary classical music lately.
What kind of music are you into?
Did you hear about Jarvis Landry?
What's your favorite music?
Remember Mase?
Cars the original is a great movie.
Have you seen the movie White Chicks?
What do you think of southern rock?
Did Jay Cutler get a raw deal from the Bears?
Did you like Ben Affleck better as Daredevil, or Batman?
What's your favorite Disney song?
Have you seen Rouge One?
so have you heard gwen stefani now?
I am thinking going next door
What is the worst horror movie remake you have seen?
Hey!  Have you seen Doctor Strange?
Do you watch star wars?
Have you bought sgt peppers 50th anniversary album yet?
Hey, how ya doing?
Are you a fan of auto-tune?
So what do you think about Disney and them purchasing a lot of popular movie series?
Who do you think is the best QB in NFL history?
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
The Beach Boys are one of my favorite all time bands.
Have you seen Fury?
I need to relax for a while today.
I wanted to watch something good and scary, but not gore focused.
Do you like the NFL?
Who is your favorite actor.
Lion king or Aladdin? Which is better to you?
What music are you listening to these days?
Whatever happened to MC Ren?
Okay, I posted this question in an internet as a joke, but I don't think anyone got it.
What era of music do you like best?
Hey I heard a great new band the other night.
So, I checked out the movie Regression, and I really liked it! It was so dark.
Do you think there will be a new Back To The Future installment?
Is it true that Gary Kurtz left after Empire?
A good ground game is still critical. Just not in vogue.
'Truly are You really into Bach that much?, I've heard that you are!'
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Do you listen to very much rap that's political in nature?
I've always been a San Francisco 49'er fan. I watched them with my father growing up.
Who do you think is the better villian, Darth Vader or Kylo Ren?
Hey man, how are things?
I love listening to The Beatles.
Hey did you watch beauty and the beast?
So I'm a bit confused about Harry's parents.
Hey is it football season yet?
Hey man, who do you think is the best receiver in the NFL?
Ya I thought she had some great movies.
Let's talk about pop music, what is your favorite current hit?
So you lived in Germany. How's that polka?
How do you feel about the current state of rap music?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Have you ever seen Waxworks?
What is your favorite comedy movie?
Have you seen the Lego Batman movie?
What do you listen to when you work out?
What band do you like?
Did you ever listen to Kanye?
What was your favorite movie when you were a kid?
Did you see Dazed and Confused?
What is a song you find underrated?
Have you ever seen any Japanese action films?
So are you excited about the Packers this season?
Do you like dwane johnson?
I just saw John Wick Chapter 2
Have you heard the new Arcade Fire song?
I just saw Psycho for my film class.
Who do you think is the best player ever?
Have you seen lady gaga live?
Did you ever see Forgetting Sarah Marshall?
I just love jazz. I don't know a lot about it, but I love most of it.
Which are cuter, the puppies from 1001 Dalmatians or the kittens from the Aristocats?
So who is your favorite character from Star Wars?
What's the name of the Warthog from the Lion King again.
What are some of your favorite bands?
Did you ever see Hot Fuzz?
I feel like everyone remembers their first Disney movie. Like the one that came out when they were just old enough to go to the theater.
Who sings "Hey Jude"?
I finally got a music app.
Did you catch any of the game last night?
Batman v Superman is such a strange film.
So what is your favorite movie?
The other day I went to the movie theater and saw the new Disney movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man Tell No Tale. Did you see it already?
Are you going to see Iron Maiden in Brooklyn in July?
Have you seen any good movies lately? I'm tired of watching Moana with my little one.
Did you ever take your kids to see the Lego Batman movie?
Have you seen Moana yet?
What's up?
Do you like taken?
I just saw Elle Fanning in a preview for an upcoming movie. She's grown up since I saw her in Maleficent.
I wonder how the song bad romance became so popular
What do you think about Liar Liar?
Do you like blake shelton
Have you seen Deadpool yet?
Do you remember Disney's The Black Cauldron?
Did you see Fast and Furious 8, the Fate of the Furious?
Do you have any special Christmas movies you watch every year?
Have you seen any good movies?
If you like Jodie Foster, you must see Silence of the Lambs.
Hey can you help me set up a playlist for tonights party?
Who was the best guard in NCSU's history?
Who were the original members of the Beatles?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
I'm really excited for the concerts at Fenway this year.
Hey did you watch the playoffs
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
I liked the villain in Man of Steel.
Michael Jacson has to be the best pop performer ever.
What is your favorite comedy film?
Have you seen the new Bridgette Jones Diary movie?
Have you ever heard of the Wu-Tang clan?
Have you ever seen any of the X-Men films?
Do you like Thriller movies?
Do you like the Rolling Stones?
Hey Larry, that hat you are wearing looks familiar.
Did you ever see the Twilight movies?
Whose your favorite ex-footballer?
Which was your favorite Disney movie from when you were a kid?
Did you ever see Dirty Harry, the movie?
Did you like Bambi?
Hey there.
I enjoy watching men in black
You know what's a good movie?  Lady and the Tramp.
How much do you like George Harrison?
Who do you think would win in a fight between Darth Maul and Darth Vader?
Have you watched 17 again?
Have you seen the newest Star Wars yet?
What about the Giants?
Do you have any good movies you'd recommend?
Did yo ever see the Lion King?
So what did you think of that new Young Thug album "Beautiful Thugger Girls"?
Have you ever see Crocodile Dundee?
Are you bored of the NBA product?
What do you think the best type of music is?
I've just realised that despite there being dozens of Disney films, they're all set in London.
NFL Season is upon us. Who do you think will win it all?
What do you think about they way spiderman got his powers?
Who's your favorite pop singer?
Did you ever see that movie Mystery Men that came out in the 90's?
I cant wait until next season start, my Pelicans are going to be great!
Did you see The Hangover? It was one of my all-time favorite movies!
Do you happen to like music history?
Are you excited for the Spurs Warriors playoff matchup?
My favorite comedic director is Mel Brooks.
Guess what! I finally listened to the Hamilton soundtrack!
I you could choose a single Beatles album as your favorite, which one would that be?
I had a Harry Potter movie marathon the other day.
How tall is lady gaga?
Have you ever seen The Crow?
How do you think the Cowboys will do this year?
Do you know the band Manchester Orchestra?
Personal Shopper was such a good movie!
HAVE YOU HEARD ABOUT THE MOVIE WONDER WOWAN?
Whos is your favorite Fast and Furious character?
Have you seen the movie Horrible Bosses?
What do you think disney most popular movie is?
That one movie is looking pretty good. I might go see it.
What was your favorite location in the Star Wars movies?
Are there any upcoming movies you're excited about?
So where did that guy play in college?
What's the best kind of music to dance to?
Are you into pop music?
Do you think actor who played Harry Potter looked like what you imagined Harry Potter to look like?
Next Tuesday night, you going?
My favorite type of music is Rock. How about you?
How do you feel about deflategate? Did Tom Brady really do it?
Hey you. I saw you just watched Half-Blood Prince.
Have you heard "Scars to Your Beautiful"
Hey! What did you think about the Bruins game last night?
Hey, have seen Rogue One?
What was the first music concert you ever went to?
What do think about the Raiders this year?
What is you  favorite mid  90s  rap  act ?
So do you like star wars?
Hey, did you see the new Wonder Woman movie?
Did you ever watch the movie called Major Payne?
So, do you think Tool is actually working on a new album?
Hey, did you hear the Raiders are moving to Vegas?
My son is in need of a new tuba.
Hey, man, are you ready for some NFL?
Whatever happened to Alanis Morissette?
Who is your favorite country music singer?
I just saw The Fate of the Furious.
I watched a good movie last night.
Have you noticed someone here with a green shirt a while ago?
When was the last time you saw a concert?
I think I have a great band for you to listen to.
Hey Fred! Did you watch the Nuggets game last night?!
Have you heard the latest Katy Perry songs?
Did you see that Boston got the number 1 pick in the NBA draft?
I really love the first Harry Potter movie. It's my favorite.
DId your parents listen to the Beatles when you were growing up?
Do you listen to Lady Gaga
Does the NFL have a concussion problem?
What do you know about the NFL?
What's your favorite superhero movie?
Have you ever heard Maggie Rodgers
Have you seen Jurassic World?
Let's talk romantic comedy movies!
I just watched a interesting new Documentary.
Do you think music is trending in the right direction?
Hey, what's your favorite album from this year?
So what's your favorite kind of music?
What did you think about 'Rogue One?'
Boy the Celtics just weren't ready for the Cavs
Do you remember Napoleon Dynomite?
Hi.
Did you see that Spurs and Warriors game last night?
Okay. So Lemonade. Thoughts?
hey what do you think about snow white?
Do you have a favorite football team in the NFL?
What is your least favorite super hero movie?
What do you think is the greatest game in NFL history.
Do you believe you have a spirit animal like the patronus in Harry Potter?
Man this blows
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this?
So you pitched?
Where do the Rams play?
Man i hate tuning
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Have you seen SUPER BASS by Nicki?
Who was hotter, Leia or Padme Amidala?
Have you ever heard of the band Spoon?
Did you see New Edition Sunday night?
I love movies! How about you?
What kind of music do you like?
Hello.
Why is Katy Perry doing TV Commercials?
What rapper do you think doesn't get enough credit?
Have you ever seen any movies with Chevy Chase?
Hey, do you like Pavement?
Have you seen any good 80's movies
What is your favorite genre of music?
Yea, I just hope that some new teams will come through the ranks soon.
Hi.
Remember that sand creature in the original STAR WARS?
Hi there.
Hey. How's it going?
Hey, do you want to go with me to the Outlaw Festival July 16th?
Do you think Rey will turn to the dark side in the next Star Wars movie?
What do you think the next Disney animated movie will be?
What is a good comedy movie to watch?
So are the Spurs the best ever?
Are you a basketball fan?
I think Inside Out is Disney's deepest movie yet.
Have you ever listened to U2?
Who would've ever thought that sports can be scruitinized in such details?
Jason Momoa is the perfect casting for Aquaman.
Hi.
Have you seen the movie Life?
I always thought that Milo and Otis was a cute movie.
Do you like the band Guns & Roses?
I love action movies
I went out to karaoke last night.
What do you think about Drake?
Have you seen the last Star Wars movie?
Hey, I just stumbled upon this great hip hop group.
Mikey, how long has it been since you listened to a flawless album?
What's your favorite Disney movie as an adult?
What NFL team is gonna win it all next year?
have you seen pinocchio?
What are you listening to?
When you write, what music do you like to listen to?
Are you familiar with Mary Poppins?
You like pro football too, right?
I just got finished watching Moana with my daughter for the 100th time!
So are the Velvet Underground really that influential?
Hey, what's you favorite Star Wars scene?
Lady gaga has some crazy outfits
What do you consider a thriller?
Have you seen any good movie trailers lately?
Do you remember American Beauty?
If you could be one character from star wars movies , who would it be?
Have you watched Take Shelter? It's a psychological thriller.
What are some of your favorite Celtic Bands?
Do you know how many Fast and The Furious movies there are?
Did you know Despicalbe 3 is out in theaters?
Do you think the ghost of Yoda will be in the next movie?
Wait, are you saying.....
I just saw that new Disney movie, Moana.
I wonder when the next Madonna album will come out.
What star wars movie is your favorite
Do you ever listen to Lady Gaga?
Who do you think was the best band of the 90's?
Are you as into this 90s resurgence as I am?
Do you know the song Sweet Dreams?
Have you ever noticed in Disney films at least one parent is dead.
hey mate sup with you.
What's your favorite music genre?
Have you ever heard of the group the Monkees?
Which one do you like better, Sleeping Beauty or Snow White?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Did you see Moana?
What was the first CD you ever owned?
This is a really long car ride
Name your favorite rock band.
Hey what are you doing Thursday after class?
Could you suggest a good suspense movie for me to watch?
So, what do you think about the Dolphins quarterbacks this season?
I saw a cute story online about Dave Grohl from Foo Fighters.
The Redskins are going to own this year.
Did you see there is a new Thor movie coming out.
What did you make of Kendrick Lamar's verse on Big Sean's Control?
You were in marching band, right?
Why do you think people complain about all the Fast and The Furious movies?
What is your favorite play in baseball?
Thank you Lord it's almost football season again.
Do you listen to the Beatles?
Our local college football team is great!
I saw The Jungle Book last night.
Did you know that Sleeping Beauty was the last animated Disney fairy tale until The Little Mermaid?
Where does baseball go from here?
So who do you prefer?  The Beatles or the Stones?
Do you like Eminem?
Do you watch NFL football?
peter pan was kind of messed up
I can't wait to see the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie.
So, I'm thinking of doing a pet movie marathon.
Ain't nothin' but a G thang baby.........
Did you see the new Jungle Book movie?
Would you like to learn a little about music theory?
What's your favorite Friday the 13th movie?
Hey, do you remember those Not Quite Human movies?
So sad about the death of Chris Cornell. Really loved Soundgarden.
What musical genre do you like to listen to?
We watched The Lion King last night.
Were you ever a fan of Creed?
Hey what is up
You know, a lot of people think football is young man's game.
You're a fan of Elton John, aren't you?
When I lived in Detroit I used to be able to see a band any night of the week. I miss it.
Have you ever seen Lady Gaga in concert?
Hey did you watch the music awards this week?
I've been enjoying the warm weather we have had.
Do you like Chris Cornell?
I was reading an article the other day about NFL cheerleaders.
What happened to Limp Bizkit?
Do you believe there are still people that haven't seen the movie Jaws?
I just watched Superbowl III.
What do you think of the music of Gilbert and Sullivan?
How is it that concession stands at a theater is so expensive? how do they justify it?
Let's play a game:  I'll name an actor, and you name the best movie they've appeared in.
What did you think of the state-of-the-art CGI in the new Star Wars movies?
what foreign band is your favorite?
Do you think Jay z is over rated
What is your favorite Movie?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
So I heard that the Fast & Furious series is going all the way up to ten?
Hi there.
Hey
Well you know the NFL has different parts of a season right
Do Wookies and Ewoks come from the same evolutionary background?
Did you watch Lady Gaga at the Superbowl?
What do you think was the best Beatles Album?
We haven't seen Heat in a while.
I really think that they under utilize Princess Leia in all of the Star Wars movies.
Who do you think is the best quarterback ever?
Did you see Sky High?
so i was listening to Pandora yesterday and i really like the Taylor Swift playlist!
Do you know who the Devils are playing tonight?
What's the first Lady Gaga song you heard?
Did you watch guardians of the galaxy Vol 2?
What was Paul McCarthey’s wife name?
Heu are you ready for the Patriots to win the superbowl?
What band has a ton of classic hits?
I was thinking I should give Frozen another chance.
Do you like western movies?
Whats your favorite movie series?
Are you into action movies?
Have you discovered any new bands lately?
Let's talk about NFL football.
Do you remember the movie Identity?
What is your favorite Scary Kids Scaring Kids song?
Are you a football fan?
Did you see that movie Man Up?
Do you think a film about Obama will ever be made?
Are you getting pumped for that New Star Wars movie this winter?
I just took my son to see the latest Cars movie.
Are you looking forward to the preseason?
What musical group thats gone away or you never hear from anymore, would you like to see make a come back?
This kid Aaron judge is good. have you seen him?
I think it's cool that you're a Lady Gaga fan too. You know, when I first saw her I dismissed her as a gimmick act, but the more I see her, the more impressed I am.
I have to go to the dentist tomorrow.
Best female pop artist in the 1980s?
Hi.
Precisely. Do you unbderstand somewhat now?
Do you think that David Lynch will ever make another movie?
I want to Rock!
Did you see what Kimmy was wearing?
I was checking out Spotify to find some new music to listen to. I found some really great songs from RuPaul!
Do you like Megadeath?
What was that movie about that cellist genius?
Who were the Golden Glove winnders on the Giants for 2016?
Who do you think Snoke is?
So who do you think will be the surprise team this NFL season?
you a giants fan
Picture yourself on a boat on a river...
Did you ever see Aladdin?
Hey what was you favorite horror movie?
I'd like to know more about baseball.  What exactly is baseball?
Why are people always making fun of the Stormtroopers in the movies?
Do you like the Beatles much?
Do you have a favorite DIsney movie couple?
I love rap music.
Do you like Kelly clarkson?
What was your favorite movie growing up, as a kid?
What is your favorite childhood movie?
What is a band that you can't stand.
Did you see the new X-Men Movie?
Do you know of any good thriller movies?
What rock band is great live?
This hip hop stuff is different
Hey, have you heard anything good lately?
In the new Star Wars movie, why is Klyo so crazy about a grandpa he never met.
Hey I just finished watching a great movie!
What do you think of the Marvel Avengers' movie franchise?
Have you heard of the band The Catherine Wheel?
I just watched Love & Mercy
Hey, what are your thoughts on Bon Iver's latest CD "22, A Million"?
Smallwood is going make a difference this year for the Eagles.
Did you see the movie Freaky Friday?
Which of the Mission Impossible movies did you like the most?
Aroldis Chapman on the DL with shoulder issues.
Have you seen any creepy movies lately?
What was your favorite part of The Force Awakens?
Do you like the Beatles' music?
Who are the best quarterbacks in the NFL going into this 2017 season?
Man this band rocks
Hi.
Do you think Pete Rose should be in the hall of fame?
Do you like Death Cab for Cutie?
In your opinion, what is one thing you would change about the Star Wars series?
The cover of Please Please me is so weird
Yea, Marshawn Lynch is a Raider now. Isn't that something?
How about the NFL East?
Are you a big Disney fan?
Do you like rap or hip hop?
Who is your favorite rock band?
Let's talk Star Wars!
Hi
Let's talk about music.
Who do you think is a better quarterback, Manning or Brady?
So Kristy and I went to go see that one new movie last weekend.
Have you heard Adam Lambert's music at all?
Hi.
You know what movie I love?  300.
So did you like the first Reacher movie?
Eminem is my favorite rapper of all time. Who is your favorite rapper?
How do you like Empire of the Sun?
do you like oldies music
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Are you a baseball fan?
Did you like The Exorcist?
Hey, what NFL team you rooting for this year?
Hey, do you remember Jabba the Hutt's palace?
I heard they are coming out with a sequel to your favorite Disney movie "Big Hero 6"
Have you heard any new Lady Gaga music lately?
Did Cleveland lose their NFL team?
What is the state of the NFL?
Fall and winter are my favorite seasons.
Hi
Did you ever watch Wild?
Can you imagine star wars without darth vader
hey, I'm so old I remember the advent of punk music in America.
If the team can get a solid start from BG it could really help set the table for a quick learning curve by Davenport, who in his own right is a pretty smart cookie.
Have you seen the new designs for wedding dresses this year?
What is your least favorite type of music?
Did you see Rogue One?
What kind of movies do you like to watch?
Man it has changed so much
So my parents went to a Pink Floyd concert tonight.
Did you ever listen to Iron Maiden?
What do you think about the direction modern fashion is taking?
What do you think of Slime Girls?
Lets talk about movies
I love music
What is your favorite movie?
Do you know who Reo Speedwagon is?
Have you ever gone to an NFL game?
What do  you think about pop music?
How's your day going?
Did you see Jose Batista get hit while up to bat last night?
What do you think about the new Story episode.
Have you ever heard of Bad Religion?
What was your favorite Beatles album?
do you know death grips
There's a Disney movie coming out in November I can't wait to see.
Do you like zombie movies?
The Senators play again tonight.
Are you excited about the new force awakens movies?
Do you remember Disney's Bedknobs and Broomsticks?
I was thinking about the NFL uniforms and wondered how they were ranked as to best and worst.
What do you prefer, to stream music or own it?
What is your favorite fantasy movie?
Favorite rock musician?
Have you seen the Harry Potter movies?
whats your favorite rapper
You were in band, orchestra, jazz, and all that in high school, right?
Did you know the Bills haven't made the playoffs since Tom Brady was at Michigan?
Let's talk about music.
I think it's so strange that Star Wars movies are considered Disney movies now.
How was the Phillies game last night?
I thought lady Gaga touring with Tony Bennett was great.
What did you think about Suicide Squad?
What was the song that made the beatles famous?
Do you know what an Ewok is?
Have you heard of the The Heavy?
I just saw highlights of Superbowl IV.
God, I hate the new star wars movie.
I really enjoy Jackson, Russell and Leigh.  Great actors!
What Fast & Furious movie was Jesse in?
Do you think we will get to see any new horro movies for Halloween this year?
Do you remember that movie called naked gun?
What did you think about the Rebel Alliance?
What role would you recast?
What makes a good thriller movie?
Do you remember the band "Barenaked Ladies?"
Only a little over a month before the NFL season starts. Are you excited?
Are you into Lady Gaga's music?
Ive been working a lot lately.
Have you heard all the new Ed Sheeran songs?
Tom Brady got one more in him.
Are you a fan of Frank Ocean?
Sid you hear the name of lady gagas newest album
You know the 2 most popular albums from Avril Lavigne?
I took my daughter for lunch today.
What are your thoughts on Star Wars rogue 1?
What team do you think is going to win it all this year, NFL-wise?
I am in awe of film composers. The best ones are able to change the personalities of their scores to fit just about any genre or mood.
I love going to Claire's.
Did you know Tarantino will stop making movies after 10?
I remember when The Conjuring first came out and everyone said it was amazing.
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Hey, do you listen to metal?
Did you listen to Wu Tang Forever?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Do you like the Dolphins?
What's your favorite rock group?
When was the last time fair catch kick resulted in a score in an NFL game, I wonder...
What kind of music are you in to?
Hey are you going to see Alien Covenant this weekend
Hey, have you seen the movie Ms. Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children?
Do you know what year the movie "Fast & Furious " came out?
You wanna talk about music?
Hey there! I am trying to decide who is a better football player, Eli or Peyton Manning. What do you think?
I think Snow White is one of the best Disney movies.
Do you like Cat Stevens much?
Did you ever watch the Excorcist movies?
Do you like lady gaga?
i think I feel fien is the most underrated Beatles song ever
The latest Jack Reacher film, Never Go Back is so improbable. Reacher is supposedly huge, but actor Tom Cruise is not.
Did you see the game last night?
I'm ready for this NFL game party.
Do you ever listen to the Beatles?
I love Disney movies!  Have you ever seen Snow White?
Are you going to get to go to any home games this season?
You know what song is always beautiful to me?
Who was the best Disney Villain?
Are you going to watch Jeter's retirement ceremony tonight?
I like FERRIS BUELLER'S DAY OFF the best.
Do you like to listen to alternative music?
Kanye West is so overrated.
I saw Tokyo Story the other day.
I just finished watching the movie Split.
Have you ever listened to Def Leppard?
Hey! Do you know if there's any good thrillers playing at the cinema right now?
I love disney movies
Hey, what's up?
Hey man, nice shirt. Opeth is a great band!  What's your favorite album?
Why do you like music?
Do you know of Ralph Towner?
I finally rewatched the lion king last night.
Hello, I don't think I've seen you around here before.
I love the Rolling Stones!
Did you find the Jungle Book 2 annoying?
I was online looking at who had new albums coming out and saw that Chuck Berry has one.
What's your favorite rock band?
Hey, who in your opinion is the most under rated artist in music?
Wild Things is a good thriller
You know what's strange? Spy Kids and Machete take place in the same universe.
Hey, who's your favorite jam band?
Guess what I watched last night?
Who is your favorite female R&B singer?
Have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2?
Anna and Elsa are awesome. I love that sisterly love they have.
Summer training is about to start. Are you ready for football
The Star Wars soundtrack is so iconic... It gets stuck in my head all the time!
Hey, what's your favorite Beatles' song.
So, you got your Seahawks going to the big game again this year?
Hey do you like baseball?
What is your opinion on Beyonce? Are you a fan?
I hate Star Wars.
Have you seen anything interesting lately?
What's a good thriller movie to watch?
Wow, did you hear Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett's "Cheek to Cheek" album?
Are you a Star Wars fan?
What do you think about Aerosmith?
I saw Attack of the Clones yesterday.
I'm ready for football season. What about you?
Did you ever see Brave?
What ever happened to Rick Moranis?
I just got a new album for a band I really like called Chevelle.
What kind of music have you been listening to lately?
What was that band you went to see at the Fillmore in the summer of 2013?
So, seen any good Disney movies lately?
We're getting closer to the start of the new NFL season with each passing day!
Do you ever listen to Alanis Morissette?
What type of music do you like?
Do you like Rihanna's music, have you heard any of her latest music?
My girlfriend and I just saw Wonder Woman.
Peter Pan was such a good play and movie
What's the latest news on Ryan Tannehill?
Have you seen Inside Out
So what are you listening to?
What is your favorite kind of Music?
Ever seen the Hunger Games?
Did you get a chance to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2, yet?
I saw Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier.
Did you hear the song called "Let it Go?"
Do you think Beyonce will make a new album next year with the new babies here?
Lady Gaga is famous for making records. But, she's also a songwriter.
Nightmare Before Christmas is one of the best Disney movies
The Empire Strikes Back is my favorite film in the entire series.
What type of music do you like?
i like the song let it be by the beatles
Hey, what do you think about football?
When did Toy Story come out?
Did you like Bobba Fett from Star Wars?
You know what was on last night that's a good movie?
Have you seen the mazerunner movies
I wish rock was not so Emo now adays
What's up?
Hey, what's your favorite genre of music in rock sub-categories?
What do you think about Disney buying Star Wars?
Do you remember Green Day?
i just heard that new plies album he's a great artist.
Which ship battle was your favorite out of all the Star Wars movies?
Did we see the window of opporunity close on the Cardinals?
Hi
We havent talked much about the Steelers.
Is it too late for Steelers with their current team?
I heard there was another X-Men movie coming out.
Can you see the Nets  ever getting back to success?
Hi there.
Did you ever see the movie BFG? It's a Disney movie.
Do you like Madonna's music?
Who is your favorite villain from Star Wars?
What was the last thing you saw Adam Sandler in?
Did you see the Golden State, Spurs game last night
Would you want to go to the Blink 182 concert this weekend?
Do you like rap music
What's your favorite violent movie?
Did you see Get Out?
Do you have a favorite particular series of thriller movies or one that you truly enjoy watching?
Do you remember roseanne?
I'm looking for a good movie to watch this weekend. Do you have any suggestions?
Has your favorite type of music changed over the years?
Good morning.
This is a trip! I just seen the BIGGIE Movie last night. Did you see Tupac's?
Do you like watch Stephen King movies?
Did you ever see the second Fast and the Furious short film?
What's one of the weirdest movies you've ever seen?
You know I was thinking the other day did the ancient Egyptians have  written music?
have you ever seen the movie Seven Samurai
Do you ever teach music theory with musicals?
How many teams are there in the NFL?
What was the last superhero movie that you saw?
Were you able to catch the game between Wisconsin and Florida?
Who were some of your favorite bands in the 1990s?
Did you see that new Star Wars movie that recently came out?
If you could use any of the spells from the Potter movies, which would you pick?
Have you seen "Rouge One"?
Hi.
Hey, glad I caught you! I heard there are going to be some Marx Brothers movies on tonight. They're hilarious!
Who won game 6 between the Celtics and Wizards last night?
I just read an article about a new song by Prince's father being released this year.
So, in Star Wars, are droids alive?
Hello,  how have you been?
Who will win these series' over the weekend (FRI-SUN) HOU/NYY, BOS/TB, TOR/SEA ?
Think free agency will be big this year?
When did the draft begin anyway?
What kind of movies do you like?
So, tell me about your picture here.
So what happened to Rock music?
What do you think about the new chainsmokers album.
A Beautiful Mind was a good movie.
Hey, have you seen the movie Logan?
Bat Out of Hell is by far the best album of time.
What is your favorite Disney film?
Man i still think will smiths raps are fun
what was your favorite nine inch nails album
Did you catch the practice footage for the upcoming game?
I just watched the movie Collide the other night.
I just saw the first Harry Potter movie.
Hey, was just jamming out to Paul Simon's "Graceland" album. Have you heard it?
Hey are you a hockey fan at all?
Do you have a favorite team?
So you're a 49er fan.  Name some players.
Man, you've got me increasingly addicted to early West-Coast punk
Do you like the Goo Goo Dolls?
Can you believe they killed of Han Solo?
What is that movie you're watching with Sylvester Stallone and Sandra Bullock?
I just watched Fast and Furious 8, it was awesome.
What's your favorite type of music?
How does she walk like that?
What do you think of the upcoming Fate of the Furious?
Have you seen that Keanu Reeve meme?
What is your favorite black and white movie?
I'm looking for some good movie recommendations. Do you have any?
Man this game is a blowout
Hey, I have the song Jar of Hearts stuck in my head!
What did you think about the last Harry Potter movie?
I love the Beatles. Don't you.
Remember when gaga was on top of the world?
Did you enjoy Star Wars the Force Awakens?
What was the last thing you listened to?
i wonder what the worst traveling violation is, then
There is going to be a fireworks game set to the Beatles' music after the baseball game Friday night.
Who was prettier, Hermione or Ginny?
Lady Gaga's new song Perfect Illusion just came on the radio again on the way home.
Have you been following the whole Nicki Minaj, Remy Ma confrontation?
What do you think about Durant moving to Golden State?
Hey.  What have you been up to?
Hey, do you like fast and furious?
Have you seen the movie, Captain Phillips?
It seems like the Seahawks might be on the downswing, but they still have a good coach.
Who is your favorite band?
Can you believe the end of the superbowl last year?
Have you ever heard of the band The Eagles?
Have you scene the new Wonder Women movie
Do you remember watching Full Metal Jacket?
Who is your favorite character?
Hey! Have you ever seen any movies with Blake Lively in them?
Do you like albums, or live music?
What do you think will be the biggest Cinderella team this year in the NFL?
Who are the best starting pitchers in the league right now?
Hey
That first Harry Potter movie was amazing.
Did you see the match between the St. Louis Blues and the Nashville Predators last week?
Was inside out a disney movie?
What do you think is better the first Dumbledore or the second?
What's your favorite scene in an action movie?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
So Ryan Tannenhill is returning for another season for Miami.
You know, Daniel Craig played a storm trooper in The Force Awakens?
Hey, did you hear there was a new music video released from Chris Cornell from Soundgarden?
Are you seeing Alex G next week?
There is a new Jurassic move coming out.  Are you going to see it?
Hey! do you think Brett Favre is a good influence for Aaron Rodgers?
What do you think happened to Tupac?
Recently I started watching Korean dramas and movies
Have you seen the movie pitch perfect ?
I wish I would have gone to a pop concert as a kid.
Did you like Dredd?
Hey
Do you think they'll make an Auqua man movie?
The Cavaliers seem unstoppable.
I was listening to some songs from Vanessa Carlton the other day.
I love Disney movies. I see them even though I'm am adult and have no kids.
Have ever seen any of the Star Wars movies?
Have you seen Dodgeball?
I really enjoying watching the avengers.
what do you think of nick jonas?
Hey do you like any video game music?
The star is the Dallas Cowboys logo.
Who do you think was the best Spider Man?
I need to laugh, what's a good comedy movie?
Do you remember the last time the Sixers made the finals?
What is your favorite movie?
Do you like the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Have you seen the latest Jennifer Garner movie?
Did you get a chance to see Straight Outta Compton?
Did you ever see Django Unchained?
What is the best cult movie of our generation?
Who do you think will go to the Super Bowl this year?
What did you think of Rogue One?
Did you see Finding Tory?
Jimmy Eat World is probably one of my favorite bands from long ago.
What do you think of disney's more recent work?
I wonder if they're going to make any other Taken movies.
So, any other films you've been wanting to see but haven't yet?
I went to the mall the other day, and stopped into the music store.
I loved watching Bambi as a child.
which pixar disney movie do you like best?
Have you ever seen the movie Goodfellas?
Do you like Elton John?
Who is your favorite Disney Character?
Can you recommend me a cartoon that would be interesting for an adult as well?
Have you ever heard of Ricky Nelson?
Hey there!  Have you seen any good movies lately?
Did you like Lady GaGa's new album?
I am interested in some popular thrillers
Wow, I'm going through a such music dry spell. Haven't liked any of the new stuff I've listened to.
I'm going to the movies later.
Have you seen furious 7?
What is your favorite sports movie of all time?
We went to a great concert the other night, Twenty-One Pilots.
Have you been listening to any good music these days?
Have you seen Blue Velvet?
what kind of movies do you like
I could talk about my love for the Fast & Furious series all day.
I think Kida may be my favorite disney princess...
Are you a Doors fan?
Who's your favorite pop artist that people don't know?
What is your favorite comedy?
Do you know if Lady Gaga speaks french?
Have you seen the Taken movies?
Music sure has changed these days.
I agree, the songs were quite catchy and something that sticks in your mind.
I watched The Great Wall last week.
what do you think about the force awakens
What was the name of that song you played for me the other day?
You know Mary Poppins?
You know who's an epic country singer?
Have you seen the movie Mulan?
Who is your favorite rap artist?
Who is your favorite horror movie heroine
Are you excited to see the new Descpicable Me movie?
Who are the best teams in the AFC going into this season?
I heard that Journey is on tour again.
Hey, what do you think about Led Zepplin?
In this day and age, I think superhero movies have become rapidly popular. Who is your favorite?
Can you believe the NFL season is just two months away ?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XVIII.
Can McPhee build a winner in Vegas?
I have a confession.
Which do you like better - the original Star Wars or the "enhanced" version?
I just caught the tale end of some show called Meet Joe Black.
How was your road trip?
Have you seen any good bands lately?
do you have a favorite superhero movie?
Who would you say is the best wide receiver in the NFL?
Do you like any Boy Bands?
Did you ever like the ewoks in Return of the Jedi?
I saw Pet Semetary.
Did you hear that they're coming out with a Daddy's Home 2?
I've been listening to some different music lately.  I've been really stuck on Kelly Clarkson.
Hi.
Man that pass was good
Did you see both Wonder Woman and Superman?
What is your favorite album?
Did you see Avengers: Age of Ultron yet?
Hey, were you ever a Guns n Roses fan?
Do you know what movie was on HBO last night?
WOuld you like to come over tonight and watch Fast & Furious: Tokyo Drift?
Harmony Koraine is overrated.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF MARVIN SAPP?
Have you heard of Korean Hip Hop?
Did you watch the newest Kevin Hart special yet?
Excuse me my lady i worked very hard at work today so tonight I just want to go home relax and watch a good movie.
I just got a new Red Hot Chili Peppers CD.
Did you like that music documentary?
Hey i got a question for you
What was the name of the girl in TLC that did the rapping?
Did you end up watching the Green Lantern?
Do you think George Lucas should have left the line alone in A New Hope for the special edition?
Do you like Bheetoven?
What was the last comedy movie you saw?
Did you see the "Nightmare on Elm Street" remake?
Hey there.
why is pac so beloved?
What do you like most about the game of football?
If you had to choose between batman and superman who would you choose?
What's your favorite professional sport?
Was the movie "Tangled" about Rapunzel?
I'm so confused.  Who was Han Solo's dad?
What Disney movie is your favorite?
Anna is one of my favorite songs from "Please please me."
He man!
Why do you think people like the Beatles?
Did you see the Jungle Book?
I would love for Beck to come out with another album.
So who has had the best album of 2017 so far?
have you seen Everything Must Go with Will Ferrell?
All I know is that I am expecting a great year for football.
Do you have any favorite rock albums?
Do you like animated movies?
do you like sountracks
The 2017 BET Awards are about to begin tonight. Who are you looking forward in seeing?
I'm not a big Harry Potter fan.
Hey, are you at all interested in ice hockey?
Did you watch the Braves play St. Louis the other day?
Do you like indie music?
Hi!  Are you ready for football season to start?
Any new movies you want to see?
Where are the Wookies from?
Have you ever seen 47 Meters Down?
What is your favorite movie from the 1980s?
Besides the Patriots, who do you think wins the AFC?
What do you think of Bruce Springsteen And The E Street Band?
What is your most favorite movie you went to see in a movie theater?
How many more Superbowls do you think Brady can win?
Do you know who The Allman Brothers band is?
What do you think about the music they're pumping out these days?
If you had to pick, what would be your favorite movie of all time?
Oh man, you know the Fast and The Furious movie?
Did you ever see 50 first dates?
Do you remember that song" Karma Chameleon" by the group Culture Club.
Do you follow the Hokies that play in the NFL?
Yeah, I would definitely consider myself a Beatles fan. And by that I mean a fan of their music, not necessarily the guys themselves.
So who were your favorite casting choices in the Harry Potter movies?
Do you think Janet Jackson was as good as her brother?
Are you into rock?
Who's the second best coach in the NFL?
Did you know that George Lucas didn't originally write Luke and Leia to be twin siblings?
What do you think about Ron in the Harry Potter movies?
I've been listening to the old Beatles songs recently.
What are the key features of pop music?
Could you believe the foorball season is right around the corner?
Who is your favorite artist that you think doesn't get enough respect?
I need to find me something new
So what do you think about this summer's movies?
The Fast & Furious movies have had some great soundtracks over the years.
Did you see the new Marvel film?
I'm excited to see the third Planet of the Apes movie coming out soon.
Hip Hop music. What happened to it?
What do you think of country music nowadays?
How long do you think it takes Leia to do her hair?
Those stars seem great together.
What are your favorite types of movies?
Is there anything you miss about the pre-Internet, pre-MP3 era of music.
I can't believe football is almost back!
Do you know how to play any musical instruments?
Did you see the new Fleet Foxes album drops next week?
Are you ready for the NFL season to start?
What is your favorite Harry Potter movie?
I am trying to come up with something catchy
Who is your favorite hockey team?
Hey there how was your weekend?
I have a question for you.
who is your favorite football team?
What is your favorite baseball team in the MLB?
What did you do on your trip to San Francisco?
Do you like the beatles
Fantasia is the weirdest Disney movie ever.
The new Beauty and the Beast movie was so good!
If you had to choose between c3PO and R2D2, which robot would you want?
Do you think people still like Fantasia?
So do you think Ice Cube and Ice T are sellouts?
What is your favorite movie genre?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XX.
Do you like Disney movies?
I went to the movies last weekend and saw Gardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
Well, I tried looking for that weird movie I saw as a kid, around 1970. No luck.
Hi Bob, did you see play of last night?
My old college roommate and I were so excited to see The Princess and The Frog.
I love movies about college.
Heath Ledger is the best Joker.
Do you like Shawn Mendes?
Who's your favorite band?
Have you ever seen The Parent Trap?
Do you like horror movies?
So what do you think off the playoffs so far?
Until now there’s not better animated movie than Big Heroes 6.
What is your favorite Bruno Mars song?
What's your favorite superhero movie?
How did you feel about the original Paranormal Activity?
Hey, what are you up to?
I always love watching The Breakfast Club.
What movie do you want to see most the rest of the year?
Do you remember what it was like going to the movies alone when you were a teenager?
Morning.
Hey, I heard this week that Hayden Christensen and his wife decided not to tell their child that he was Darth Vader.
Do you like disney movies?
I find that rap music more than any other genre can stir me to emotion.
Are you excited for the next Star Wars movie?
The NFL is getting closer and closer!
I want to play the baseball game on the radio.
Can you name the teams with the record for the most Super Bowl wins?
IS THE BRONCOS NEW HEAD COACH GOING TO THEM THEM BACK TO THE PLAYOFFS?
Have you seen the recent trend of Disney doing live-action remakes of their animated classics?
Hi, Did you watched the recent movie Beauty and the beast?
Did you like return of the jedi?
What were your favorite Star Wars Ships?
Which Disney movie is your favorite, if you had to pick one?
Hi
Did your parents ever make you take music lessons.
Have you ever seen John Wick?
Are you interested in ice hockey?
Whats your favorite comedy about school?
Do you like any music that they play in churches?
Hey have you heard the new album by frank ocean?
Would you consider Rihanna to be a pop artist?
I love watching Behind the Scenes for Disney films.
What's your favorite bad movie?
Who do you think is the best band of all time?
Do you enjoy superhero movies?
What type of music do you like best to workout?
Hey! What have you been listening to lately? I need recommendations.
Have you seen memento?
Seen anything good at the theaters lately?
I like NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET.
Would you consider alien invasion movies war movies?
You know, sometimes I wish I could go to another time period so that I could have their music as mine.
Have you seen Central Intelligence?
I saw 'Sanctum' recently. It's a thriller movie about an underwater cave diving expedition.
How's your Franz Liszt dissertation going?
I wonder what the best super hero movie is
Man Kerry King is just so generic
Which decade do you think had the best rap?
I just watched Moana for the first time. Have you seen it?
what do you think of today's music?
I finally saw the new version of Beauty and the Beast.
I think Pink Martini is coming to play in town.
Have you seen baader meinhof the movie?
I see where Pirates of the Caribbean Dead Men Tell No Tales has broken into the top 100 box office hits of all time.
Are there any professional ice hockey teams near you?
Cinderella is probably my favorite Disney movie, what do you think?
Did you know that Daniel Craig was in The Force Awakens?
Do you like Lil Wayne?
Do you have a guitar?
What kind of music are you into?
So did you see Logan yet?
I love movies, do you?
So Tom Holland is going to play Nathan Drake in the Uncharted movie.
Ok, here's my pick for the Superbowl this year.  Dallas vs New England.
I saw Let the Right One In.
Did you see the Mariners and Twins game?
Who is your favorite character from all of Star Wars?
hey have you watched any cool horror movies lately.
I think that steroids in baseball were the greatest thing to happen.
Did you like the new star wars movie Force awakens?
Hey, who's your favorite pop singer?
Did you watch the movie Beauty and the Beast when you were a kid?
I like the Green Bay Packers
Are you a fan of Luke Bryan?
So, have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
So after watching Frozen the millionth time with my daughter, we tried Moana.
I remember Queen, do you?
So you work as a children's librarian, right?
Have you ever seen The Conjuring?
So who do you think will be on the Met Gala worst dressed list
Do you listen to classic rock?
Hi, what are you up to?
Hey
Have you seen any good Sci-Fi movies lately?
I cannot believe you are listening to that Barry Manilow music again.
favorite music brand?
What is your favorite star wars movie?
what do you consider the best thriller of all time?
What do you think about Nicki Minaj?
How crazy is it that New Found Glory is still making music?
Did you see that Texans Vs. Packers game last night?
What did you think of that bat flip?
What good horror movie should we watch tonight?
Have you watched Rogue One?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
The terrorist bombings in England are freaking me out.
Are their any new rule changes in the NFL this season?
How do you think the Cowboys will do this year?
How long have you been a Lady Gaga fan?
Do you remember the last time the Dodgers won a world series.
Have you seen The Evil Dead?
Do you like movies?
Have you ever seen Bruno Mars in concert?
Is rap and hip-hop the same thing?
Have you ever heard of the group Wu-Tang Clan?
I just saw a commercial for a captain underpants movie.
What did you think of Dredd?
What kind of music is your favorite?
So are you into the new Star Wars movies or do you just like the originals?
So what are your opinions on legal steroid use for NFL players?
Hey, I'm going to the movies this Saturday, did you want to go?
Zeke is a beast! Zeke and Dak should take the cowboys to the Superbowl!
Have you heard the latest Lady Gaga single?
Do you listen to the Beatles often?
We just watched John Wick 2 the other night.
My friend I saw this horror movie called The house of wax and it was a great exciting horror flick too.
Which NFL teams do you think have the best logos?
Which is your favorite Disney animated film.
Did you hear that Garth Brooks is going on tour again?
I am going to a concert this weekend, a music concert.
Do you like action movies?
Hey, do you like movies?
Do you have a favorite movie of all time?
I can think of at least four changes made to the Star Wars movies from 1977.
Do you like acapella music?
Is there really any good music from the 1930s anymore?
Do you know how many teams are in the nfl?
What type of music do you prefer?
Have you seen the new thriller movie Split?
Man, now I'm all hyped up for the season. i can't wait until September, It's still 2 months away...
I've been listening to this band that keeps blowing my mind.
Is it me or are movies getting more and more stupid?
Isn't it really exciting when TV shows make the jump to the big screen with movies?
What happened in Force awakens?
Morning.
Do you like my tie?
what got you into the NFL?
I enjoy music from the 70's andc80's.  Do you like Queen?
Hi
Do,you like lady gagas artpop?
Do you like Taylor Swift.
Have you been watching the basketball playoffs?
What did you think about the recent draft?
Who is your favorite band at the moment?
How old was Lady Gaga when she released her first song?
kendrick just released the visual to "drink", now on youtube.
I have been getting into Taylor Swift stuff lately.
You ever see The Shining?
Have you heard of MGK?
I would like to see Tom Brady on a different team
Did you see the movie Get out?
I just saw Return of the Jedi.
When was the last time you went to the movies?
Hey do you like movies?
Did you know they came out with a new Cars movie?
I saw The Alphabet Killer last night.
Did you like The Force Awakens.
Who is your favorite actor?
Have you seen the new 'Clash of the Titans" movie?
I have a new band to introduce you to.
You looking forward to the NFL season this year?
Lady Gaga's music videos are such art.
Are you going to watch the Transformer: Last Knight?
What are you listening to?
The San Francisco Giants have had key players out due to injuries.
Hey, how is it going?
Are you a metal fan?
I think people forget Old Yeller was a disney movie
What is your favorite type of horror film?
Are you a Beatles fan?
You know who I wish was still in the Star Wars movies?
I came to the realization that our group of friends are likeSnow White's seven dwarves.
So, what makes an action movie an action movie?
What is the most recent movie that you have watched?
What is the last movie you watched?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you like Grease?
Hey man, have you seen any good movies lately?
Did you see her shoes?
Did you like you the first "The Fast and the Furious"?
Did you hear about your favorite player?
Was Hercules one of Disney's worst films?
How do you feel about Reggae music?
None of those teams have any chance of going to the Superbowl anytime soon.
Do you like The Killers?
I can't believe the Yankees left the picture in after back-to-back home runs!
What type of music do you like?
Did you know Flubber was a disney movie?
Hey Pete, what do you think of the Philadelphia Eagles this year?
I love the Monkees! They are my favorite rock music band!
Who's your favorite hip hop artist?
Have you ever seen Aladdin?
What would be the scariest bench clearing team that you could assemble?
Hey there.
Who was your favorite at the Golden Globes last night?
Have you ever seen The Next Three Days?
Did you remember all the hype over the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo?
Did you see Christian Bale in the Prestige?
I watched Little Odessa the other day.
What are your thoughts on David O. Russell?
What do you think explains the popularity of Hip Hop music?
Have you seen any good horror movies lately?
You know what's funny? I just realized I'm listening to the same music my parents listened to at my age.
Is Mickey Mouse in any Disney movies?
Do you like thrillers?
I need ideas on new music to listen to.
What do you think of this new Oceans Eleven?
do you know any good movie bt Bill my=urray?
What city is the best NFL city?
What are your favorite Disney characters?
I am a Bryan Adams fan!
Do you like 21 Pilots?
Do you like the Beatles?
Did you know that one of Vader's bounty hunters was stolen from Dr. Who?
wich are you oldest memories?
what do you think about Kanye West?
Are you a fan of Jodeci from the 90s?
How did you like Oz the Great and Powerful?
What's the best thriller of all time?
Do you like the new Star Wars movies
Whats your favorite movie?
Did you ever get around to watching The Emperors New Groove?
Are you ready for football season?
Remember the original Star Wars?
Hey man i got to ask something i cannot figure out
Can  you think of any recent Disney movies that spawned hit songs?
What's your favorite music genre?
Currently, do you have a favorite NFL team?
Did you like what Gaga did at the Super Bowl?
Who are some of your more underrated musicians right now?
Hey
Say, did you hear they are going to put out a new Shrek movie.
Do you enjoy the NFL?
Who is your favorite Disney Princess?
Have you heard of Dmitri Hvorostovsky?
What is some good music?
When the next star wars movie comes out, are you going to see it?
Jurassic Park was a pretty good thriller back in the 90's.
What genre of music do you like best?
Have you ever seen the movie Black Water?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you recommend a good actress to watch in a movie?
I wonder how Disney consistently comes up with great new movies?
I love Rod Stewart/
What do you think of Lady Gaga?
Have you ever heard of Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta?
Hi, have you heard the new Art of Anarchy CD?
What team has the best color?
Hey, have you seen the new Disney movies?
Are you a fan of the Fast and Furious movies?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you watched the Godfather?
What's your favorite kind of music?
So what's your favorite movie of all time?
There are so many bands out there that are just trying to be The Beatles.
What was the name of that movie from the 90's where the nanny terrorizes the house?
The Empire Strikes Back will always be the most overrated Star Wars film.
Do you like Michael Jackson?
We should get together and hang out for a little while.
Have you seen Moana yet?
Hey Mark, are you ready for the NFL season to start?
Have you heard about some of the theories on Frozen and how other disney characters make appearances in the movie?
Do you like Return of the Jedi
Hey
I am so excited to go to the Kanye West concert next weekend.
I just listened to the song Yesterday by the Beatles.
Wasn't Whoopi Goldberg in a Disney movie?
Do you remember the Ickey Shuffle?
Had you ever seen The Breakfast Club?
What movie from your youth had the biggest impact?
Do you like southern rock?
Have you seen 'Memento'?
Are you a Packers fan
Did you see the Disney version of Pocahontas?
Have you seen any of the Fast and Furious Movies?
Who was your favorite Star Wars villain?
Is Hitchcock the best thriller director?
I know I watched it, but I don't remember the movie Dumbo.
Lately I've wanted to start learning to play the theremin.
What is lady gaga's real name?
Have you seen Saw?
Which designer is Candace using for her wedding?
I have a good thriller for you. What Ever Happened To Baby Jane.
I remember when I was about ten I went to see The Incredible Journey in the movie theater with my parents.
Guess who I met?
Were you a big fan of grunge rock?
What drives me nuts is when sound engineers don't know what they're doing.
Hey, have you heard the latest regarding the Raider Fan fiasco?
Did you know that in Frozen there's an Easter egg where you can see Rapunzel and Flynn?
Do you remember the name of those two guys that were caught lip syncing and they had won a Grammy?
Hello
So, Sgt. Pepper is 50 years old.
Scream, what are you thoughts?
What do you think of the Dubstep genre?
Who is your favorite actor?
Have you seen the latest Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
hi, how are you?
What movies are you looking forward to this summer?
What a really great action movie?
Have you heard any good christian music lately?
Did you see there is a new Pirates coming out?
How many movies have you seen in theaters in the last year?
How did you like The Incredibles?
What is your favorite action movie franchise?
What are you watching?
When did the Beatles stop touring?
I saw this great movie last night called, The Babadook.
How about those Yankees this year.
Do you like Fall Out Boy?
Are you looking forward to the NFL season?
Let's talk Bruno Mars my friend.
Did you ever see the classic Disney Cinderella?
Hi are you reading the NFL page on ESPN.com?
What kind of fashion are you into?
I love the fast and furious movies
Have you ever seen Paniv Room?
The fast amd the furious movies are so exciting
I am bored
What is the most memorable star wars movie for you?
Did you the "Kong: Skull Island?"
Do you think the dolphins winning ten games was a fluke?
Are you a fan of the Beatles?
Would you like to watch a movie tonight?
Did Bruno Mars ever do the halftime show for the Superbowl?
I am really sick of my boss.
Born This Way is a great album.
I am looking for some new classical music can you help me find some?
What's the next nfl season look like?
Whats your favorite scene from aladdin?
Do you know of any good rock bands nowadays?
The NFL preseason is almost here! Who do you think is the best kicker in the NFL?
What are the Braves doing?
Hey,the song day in the life from the Beatles wasn't played in England until like 1985!
Would you say that Robocop is a satirical action film?
have you ever seen Lady Gaga in concert?
Who's your favorite team?
What do you think of Beyonce?
Have you seen Get Out yet?
Tell me about the last movie you saw.
Do you like Star Wars or Star Trek?
Have you seen the movie Hesher?
What is your favorite Al Pacino movie?
Hey, are you a Steelers fan?
Have you ever been a Rolling Stones fan?
Do you listen to heavy metal at all?
This Star Wars stuff, the movies, how do I watch them?
How many Vincent Prince films have you seen?
Have you been to the theater lately
I like FAST TIMES.
Do you like country music?
Do you have a favourite Newsboys song?
So Disney owns marvel and Star wars whats next
Hi.
Do you like any of the Stephen King horror movies?
Did you ever see Con Air?
Who is the best Beatle?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Have you ever been to an NFL game.
Do you like oreos?
Do you like pop music?
Do you listen to Lady Gaga?
Do you like the Star Wars Movies?
What's your favorite music genre?
Do you think Roger Gidell is doing a good job?
Have you seen Fate of the Furious yet?
Did you see the fashion at the 2017 MTV Movie Awards? What did you think?
Who was your favorite Star Wars movie director?
So the best movie series of all time will be airing this weekend on tv!
Hey have you seen the new Jack Reacher movie?
I thought that Van Halen was good after David Lee Roth.
Who's your favorite football team?
Do you like foreign thriller movies?
Have you ever heard of Mason Jennings?
Do you think Russell Wilson has recovered from those nagging injuries he had last season?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
I went christmas shopping last week.
I hope the original droids have more to do with episode 8.
Have you seen that new Allison Williams horror movie?
What do you think is an acceptable batting average?
I hate how long the off season is for football.
Who is the singer of the famous song Fight Song?
I wonder why snoop and dre never just kept up the two person act
Did you ever see that Don't Breathe movie?
What was the first Star Wars movie you saw in theaters?
Have you listened to any good rock bands lately?
Hey how do you think the Texans will do this year?
So, how do you feel about punk rock?
I just watched Fist Fight. It was pretty funny!
Hey there.
What's your favorite movie genre?
Do you think the Patriots will win the SUperbowl again this year.
I'm currently watching Waterworld laying on the couch.
One of my friends loves 21 Pilots, but I don't really like their stuff.
Yo you wanna go see a movie?
I finally saw Manchester by the Sea.
There's a great young jazz pianist playing next weekend.
Man i really can't wait for Denzel Curry to drop Taboo.
Have you listened to the new Katy Perry album?
The most iconic and worthwhile Star Wars films are the first three.
Which was the better Dawn of the Dead the original or the remake?
Let's chat about old baseball history.  To way back in the day starting in the dead ball era.
Did you know Lady Gaga is touring again?
What do you think about all the recent new rules protecting quarterbacks in the NFL?
The special effects in Star Wars are some of the greatest in movie history!
Did you see the Reds-Giants game last night?
Do you feel the sixth sense is a horror movie?
I can't wait for football season to start.
You wanna play 3 Movies?
What's your favorite obscure movie?
How quick of a career arc did Vince Vaughnn have?
I'm so excited for September. I'm going to see Lady Gaga in concert.
What are your favorite music genres?
what is your favorite kendrick album?
Do you ever listen to classic rock?
Who is your favorite supermodel?
I saw a Nicole Kidman movie the other day with a really cool twist ending.
you know which movie I just saw on FX?
Have you heard about the most recent Cars movie?
Do you like listening to the eagles?
Have you seen the new movie Get Out?
Ever heard of Cage the Elephant?
Did you watch the Superbowl last year?
What's your favorite Zedd song?
What's your favorite Disney film?
Which Star Wars movie is your favorite?
Have you watched much baseball yet this season?
There is this really cool horror movie from the '80s called Ghost Story that I'd think you'd like.
What was the last concert you've been to?
I love the whole if you lie your nose will grow thing in Pinocchio.
Are there any songs you've completely memorized?
Lets talk about music today
Do you like 'Airplane'?
Have you heard the new blink-182 album?
Do you like thrillers
What is your favorite action movie?
Hey, I just downloaded Harry Styles new album!
Have you ever seen Ferris Beullers Day Off?
I'm thinking of introducing my daughter to Old Yeller.
Did you ever watch any of the Nightmare movies?
You know what I never understood about Star Wars.
So did you see the Duck Tales movie from the 1990's?
Do you like the Kings?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
I still think enter the dragon is the best action movie to grace films
I like rap, but I don't like that gangster stuff.
Can we imagine a marvel and star wars movie together now
Did you watch the Pens Caps series?
Have you seen the new Fast and Furious movie?
Do you like The Beatles?
Have you heard about Rogue One?
Do you have a favorite Disney ballad?
What did you think of Rogue One?
What's your favorite Star Wars spacecraft?
Did you know that Tron was a Disney offering?
Have you seen any new thriller movies lately?
Hey girl what's going on?
I can't believe that people still make fun of the Monkees.
What genre of music is your favorite?
Why do you think so many horror movies release in August and September?
Do you like Patty Jenkins films?
I re-watched Lilo and Stitch today, before I let the kids watch it.  Now I can't stop crying.
What do you think of It Ain't Me by Kygo?
Do you want to go with me to see the Drum Corps International Championship this summer?
I'm a bit late to the party, but I finally heard that What Does the Fox Say song today.
Have you ever seen Hear No Evil, See No Evil?
What's your favorite movie?
Whats some music you've been listening to lately?
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story just came out on Blu-Ray and streaming.  Did you see it?
Do you like animated movies?
What's your favorite Denzel movie?
What do you think is the scariest horror movie?
Are you a fan of Super Hero movies.
Do you listen to pop music?
Guess what movie is coming out in 2018!
Hey were you at the game last night?
What Disney movie do you like?
The 2017 season is almost here
When did the 49ers win their first Super Bowl?
How about last night's game between the New York Yankees and the Chicago Cubs?
Hey, have you been following news of the Oakland raiders?
Have you seen any movies lately?
I used to get upset with the new hip hop, but then I just decided to spend my time and energy revisiting the older music I prefer
moana is a great movie.
Do you like Star Wars?
I cannot wait for football season to start.
DUUUUDE!! Have you seen the movie Tusk?
Hi.
Have you seen cars 3?
Lets talk about the star wars movies
Okay so classic Disney movies. How about Cinderella?
Do you think the Beatles deserve to be considered great composers, along with Beethoven and the like?
Which Disney movie is your favorite?
Has the league ever had this many good receivers?
Who do you think has the best team in the American League?
How far in advance does Disney-Pixar anounce their new movies.
Did you enjoy Scream?
do you know elliott smith
is it me or it's true that top pop singers are all females?
Are you a big superhero movie fan?
Who would you say is your favorite comedy director?
Did you like the first, or second Rescuers movie more?
Can you believe the season the Pacers are having?
Do you remember Lost Boys from 1987?
No, pulp fiction was the best one ever
Have you seen any of the Fast and Furious movies?
What do you think of the Wu-Tang Clan?
The Sound of Music was a good movie, wasn't it?
Hey, it's you again. We seem to meet often.
Do you know how to drift a car?
Do you listen to music?
The Slums of Beverly Hills is a good film.
Hey! I like that song you are playing, who sings it?
How do you think the Patriots are going to do this year?
I heard the song by Taylor Swift and Zayn is in the top most played songs this year.
Wow my dad just sent me this link to these guys called the Beatles
Have you seen all the Harry Potter movies?
How do you feel about the Star Wars prequel trilogy?
Do you like the new jerseys that Nike makes?
Do you ever just listen to film scores?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
What Genre is Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Hey, what are you doing after work?
Do you think the Ottawa Senators will beat the Pittsburgh Penguins this year?
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
Did you ever have the thought that maybe Snape was a good guy?
So it's that time of year again. FOOTBALL!!!!!!
Have you ever heard of Black Veil Brides?
Ready for a Miami Super Bowl?
What do you think of music today? Are there any new artist you like
do you have a favorite era of music
Have you ever seen the movie Snatch?
Do you like horror comedy movies?
I read that the guy who did Darth Vader's voice got paid a good deal to not do much work.
Are you a fan of Kings of Leon?
What do you think about the new Foo fighters song?
You're a panther's fan right?
What science fiction movies have you seen recently?
Have you seen La La Land?
Did you know Jabba the Hut was supposed to be furry?
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
What's up? Are you ready for the football season?
what is your most memorable song?
Have you ever been to a baseball game?
Did you see the match between the Sharks and the Oilers?
Do you have a favorite Harry Potter character?
Lady Gaga is such a fantastic musician!
Do you know Demi Lovato?
What's your favorite spell that they use in the Harry Potter movies?
What is your favorite Beatles song and why?
Hey man, are you ready for the NFL season to start?
Have you ever heard of Willy Nelson before?
Do you think they will ever remake To Catch a Thief? It has been a long time.
What's your favorite Fast & Furious car?
Did you every watch Rambo?
Have you played in a band?
hey what was your favorite band as a kid?
Do you still think Ironman will continue in his current inception?
Honey, wake up!
we need some more superhero movies
Mam, let me stop you there.
Do you like the beatles?
Hey, have you heard the new Eminem song, "I Miss You"?
Have you seen the movie "Get Out"?
Have you ever seen the movie Planes, Trains, and Automobiles?
Hi are you excited for the upcoming Star Wars movie? The last Jedi?
Do you like Luther Vandross?
hey have you seen deadpool yet?
So who is your favorite artist right now?
HAVE YOU HEARD OF TAMELA   MANN?
Do you recommend a good actress to watch in a movie?
What do you think of music on the radio nowadays?
Did you get to see La La Land yet?
There's a movie I saw as a kid, that I'll probably never know what it was called.
Who's better, Run-DMC or The Beastie Boys?
Have you seen A Field of Dreams?
Hi.
Are you excited for the upcoming season?
Have you seen Captain America: Civil War?
Do you like the newer rap?
Can you name me your top three favorite bands?
Hi.
What music artists are you into?
Do you remember the name of the stepsisters in the movie Cinderella?
Hey, how are you?
Have you seen the Yellow Submarine?
Do you remember that scene in 'Return of the Jedi' when Leia tells Luke she remembers her mom's face?
Honey We Shrunk the Kids is a great film.
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XI.
Are you a fan of rock music?
And "I feel fine" used audio feedback.
What kind of music do you listen to while drunk?
Did you like The Force Awakens?
Hey, what are you listening to, on your headphones?
Did you see last nights game between the Predators and the Ducks?
Who do you think is the greatest running back in NFL history?
Whats your favorite team?
Hey, have you seen the movie Deadpool?
Elvis Presley, yes or no?
So what did you think of Alice Cooper?
Who's your favorite NFL team?
Have you seen Scream?
Have you ever seen the movie Scream?
Who was your first favorite rapper?
I have A Whole New World stuck in my head.
Hey, have you ever heard of Johnny Cash?
Do you remember MC Paul Barman?
I can't wait to see the new Harry Potter movie.
So, I need your help since you're big into music and all.
Do you like the fast and the furious?
Have you seen the trailer for the new movie "Beauty and the Beast"?
Do you like the band Sister Hazel?
what movie would you like to see today?
Hey
Are you excited for Thanos to finally appear?
I hope the NFL doesnt make anymore rule changes or new ones.
Do you like Bruno Mars?
Who is your all time favorite Harry Potter Character?
You ever see This is the End?
I love the original Halloween.
Did you hear the latest Rise Against?
I love the Star Wars franchise. Do you?
I finally got around to seeing Catwoman the other day.
Do you think that Marshawn Lynch will have a good year?
Have you ever heard of Lady Gaga?
Have you seen central intelligence?
is michael jackson still the king of pop, or is it someone else?
Hey, whatcha listening too?
Hey did you hear about the new Incredibles movie coming out?
I haven't seen all of them.  I guess I should.
I just saw the movie Pafum.
I saw Cape Fear last night.
Hi.
What's your favorite underground hip hop artist?
I can't believe that there is going to be a toy story 4 movie.
Do you think there's a definitive end to possible new music?
What's your favorite scene out of any Star Wars movie?
I just watched all The Hobbit movies. I can't believe the same people were responsible for The Lord of the Rings!
Have you or your kids seen the Disney movie Finding Nemo?
Are you into classic rock?
have you seen the kill bill series?
Can you name any famous singers that sang for Disney movies? Like Billy Joel sang for Oliver and Company.
Do you like classical music
Have you seen suicide squad?
I can't believe they finally made a sequel to Finding Nemo!
Have your kids watched the Lion King movie yet?
Do you remember that one pop punk band called Sr-71?
Oh my God! You need to see The Revenant!
I really dislike this teacher! He is so boring!
Have you seen the Fast and Furious movies?
I grew up watching Singing in the Rain.
Are you into progressive rock at all?
What is a suspenseful thriller movie to watch?
Are you a fan of Lady Gaga?
Have you seen the movie The Wedding Singer?
Why woudd directionaless motion be wanted?
What do you think of Disney remaking Beauty and the Beast.
I wish I could watch "I Am Legend" in the theater again.
I think Nas rhymed better than anyone
Have you ever watched any Will Ferrel movies?
Ever heard of Reggie and the Full Effect?
Did you ever get a chance to see the Tron sequel?
I was really upset at game 1.
I hope they get rid of Aflec as Batman.
What is a good comedy?
Do you think the Cleveland browns are as bad as everyone says?
Why do you think humans like music so much?
Can you believe that Britney Spears is still so popular?
How do you think The Incredible Hulk ended up on that planet in the new Thor movie?
That new Disney movie Moana turned out to be pretty good, eh?
Have you seen Deadpool yet?
Have you watched the hunger games movies?
Can you recommend a good Disney movie for me?
Did you see the new Cars 3 movie?
I really like classic rock music. How about you?
You've seen the Star Wars movies right?
Who do you think has the best and worst uniforms in the NFL?
Hey have you seen the new movie Bay Watch?
Do you like Iggy Pop?
What do you think about the STORM TROOPERS.
I suppose you're counting down the minutes until the new NFL season, am I right?
I just saw The 400 Blows.
How'd you like Jason Bourne?
One Disney movie I didn't watch much growing up was Sleeping Beauty.
I just watched all of the Harry Potter movies for like, the 10th time.
There are some days when I feel like Tarzan.
Let's discuss.....Nicki Minaj.
When does the regular season end?
So I guess the next Avengers movie is actually two parts.  Is that right?
What do you usually wear to NFL games?
What is good
What is your favorite current pop song?
I can't remember the last time I have seen a good comedy film.
Have you seen the avengers
What do you know about 90s rap?
Hello. I want to see a good movie, which one do you recommend?
Are you ready for some football?!?
What do you think the music of the future is?
Have you ever listened to Eminem?
Only a month til preseason starts!!
Did you get a chance to see the new Wolverine Movie?
Hi.
How many actresses are in LA you think?
i have to say the golden state worriers are the best team in the NBA.
I saw some old videos with Lady Gaga on youTube when she was normal.
what do you think is lady Gaga most interesting song/video.
What is your favorite Harry Potter Movie?
Do you like the early Beatles work?
Did you see Game 7 between the Penguins and Capitals?
So which was your least favorite harry potter?
Rihanna is a very talented singer.
Did you see what the Phillies did yesterday?
Have you been keeping up with the NFL in the off season?
What do you think of 1980's music?
I want to go somewhere tonight
You'll never guess how much Harrison Ford got paid to be in Star Wars.
Did you see Deadpool?
What is your favorite Michael Keaton role?
What do you think of Aerosmith?
Can't wait for the football season to get here. Summer will not be over soon enough.
I like the Kinks how about you?
Hey, look at this review in the New York Times! It's for a movie called "The Big Sick."
Have you ever seen One Flew Over the Cuckoos nest?
What did you think about the new Star Wars movie?
Whats your favorite decade for music?
I was listening to the classic rock station the other day, great stuff.
I can't wait for football season.
Are you ready for football.
Do you like hockey?
Hey  Y'all, Whose your favorite Pop Star?
What is one thing that bothered you about the Harry Potter movies?
Hello.
What are your thoughts about the NFC West this year?
What do you think about dubstep?
What did you think about that Wizards game last night?
What should I listen to today? I am so bored with my playlist.
Was Bobba Fett the greatest Star Wars character of all time?
Are you going to see Lady Gaga in concert in Las Vegas?
I have my granddaughter loving the Beatles music.
I want to watch one of the Harry Potter movies.
What's your favorite Lady Gaga song?
Who is going to win the AFC west this season?
What's your favorite movie?
Are you a fan of horror movies?
Did you ever see Bad Words?
Man I wonder something
I cannot stand Kanye West.
So sad that the Pistons didn't make the playoffs last season.
I just watched Me, Myself and Irene again.
Did you think that anyone can beat Golden State in the playoffs.
Did you think Attack of the Clones was out of place?
I can't believe they are making another Toy Story!
Hey, how was the Sigur Ros concert?
Have you seen all of the Harry Potter movies
What is the biggest problem the NBA faces today?
Do you thin Michael Keaton will play a good villain in Spiderman?
How do you think the Miami Dolphins are going to do this year?
Who do you like better: Taylor Swift or Katy Perry?
What did you think of the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
what do you consider the biggest rip off song?
What's your favorite Academy Award winning film?
Did you like Fast & Furious 6?
What did you think of the new Jurassic World movie.
I really enjoy listening to nelly
What music are you listening to these days?
Which rappers do you like?
what is a underrated disney movie?
Let's play a game.
Do you remember Robocop?
I've been watching so much TV recently, haven't seen a movie in a long while. Is there anything good out right now?
Have you heard the new Chris Tomlin song "All My Fountains"?
Do you think Grunge Rock is Classic Rock?
Have you kept up with the NFL during the off season?
Hey, do you like the marvel movies?
New Orleans Saints is my favorite team.
Which NHL team is your favorite?
Hi there.
Hey what are some of the best movies that you have seen this year?
Who is your favorite Star Wars droid?
Do you think Paul McCartney is any good?
Let's talk Pittsburgh Steelers.  How about their 2008 draft picks?
Yo
Did you see the Yankees game last night?
Special Editions or the originals. Which do you prefer?
Which rapper had the longest career success?
What do you think the best TV theme song is?
So Moana came out on DVD and I didn't think much of it?
I'm going to make you a mixtape for your birthday.
What is your favorite movie genre?
Are you a Guns n Roses fan?
Do you like Britney Spears?
Do you remember the movie Can't Buy Me Love?
Have you seen the host?
Did you hear about the new Planet of the Apes movie?
Hey, have you seent that new King Kong Movie?
What is your all time favorite movie?
What is your favorite decade of rap music?
You know now that I'm in my 60's I just can't seem to keep up with all the new music and artists that are out there.
Did you see the Cavs game last night?
Have you seen any comedies recently?
I still think Rogue one was better
So, I've been listening The Beatles a lot lately....
What do you think of ACDC?
Did you enjoy Peter Pan?
Who is currently winning in the NBA finals?
Why hasnt Superman made a huge movie?
I like the Washington Redskins.
Do you consider Weird Al Yankovic to be music?
What do you think of Maria Mena?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast yet?
Out of the all three of Christopher Nolan's Batman trilogy, which one do you feel was the strongest?
Do you know the movie Donnie Darko?
What do you think of Blake Shelton?
Hey man, do you ever listen to Dio?
Are footballs really made out of the skin of pigs?
Did you make it out to see Wonder Woman yet?
That Hunchback of Notre Dame movies was insane, but in a good way!
Have you seen the 1990's  thriller movie Primal Fear?
do you have a favorite thriller movie
Luke should have had a bigger role in The Force Awakens.
Cars 3? Yes, there are three Cars movies.
Do you think Tom Brady is the greatest quarterback of all time?
let talk about Queen
Just sitting here listening to Breakfast with the Beatles..It's on on Sunday mornings on the local rock station. Good Stuff.
Lets talk about star wars movies
Did you cry when Mufasa died in The Lion King?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Have you ever seen The Jungle Book?
Did you know that Han Solo's "I know" line was improvised?
I can't wait for the start of the season!
Do you like Radiohead?
I just learned a whole bunch about star wars movies!
Have you ever listened to lady gagas album the remix.
Did you like Taken?
Did you see the proposal?
If you had to pick a Star Wars film to remove from the genre, what would it be?
He is long gone off to a better place now, but what do you think of Elvis?
Have you seen the Hangover movies?
kendrick or kanye?
Have you heard of the band Tancred?
are we still meeting at the snap bar today?
So, are you getting excited for the new season?
It's pretty cool that Disney is making live action versions of their classic movies.
This music sounds good. Who is this?
do you like garbage
Do you like any jazz music?
the lion king was my favorite disney movie do you have one
Have you ever seen Momento?
What genre of movies do you like?
What kind of new music do you like that has come out recently?
Do you like rock music?
Have you heard Drakes music before?
My daughter's having a Disney princess party, and I'm trying to decide which movie we should watch.
Are you into rock music?
Hey, how's it going?
Does Minor League baseball provide as much excitement as the Major Leagues?
So, Marshawn Lynch is coming back.
Is Lady Madonna the best song on Hey Jude?
Are you ready for some football?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Do you think they will make another 101 Dalmations move?
Hi.
Man this new guy i have been listening to is legit
Have you seen FERRIS BUELLER'S DAY OFF?
Have you been listening to any good music lately?
Mary, have you ever seen Gone Girl?
I saw the new Amy Schumer movie last night!
Have you heard Lifted?
What do you think of Stevie ray vaugn?
What's your favorite genre of movies?
MLB needs to shorten these games.
Hi.
Hey i got a question for you
Do you think the saints will bounce back this year?
Hey, you know the Beatles?
Did you watch 'Aladdin' as a kid?
Did you hear Disney bought Star Wars?
Have you heard of the 90's R and B group Xscape?
Did you hear Foo Fighter's are going to have a new album out this fall?
What do you think of Mozart?
Disney should make a new princess movie.
did you like the above the rib soundtrack ?
Do you like 1980 thriller movies?
Have you been to any concerts lately?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Have you ever seen Jaws?
Hi there, do you know anything about dance music?
Found some of my old cassettes in the attic.
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you seen the new Fast and Furious movie? Number 7?
Do you think there will ever be an Arrested Development movie?
You have been wearing a lot of pink lately, Sammie.
Have you heard of Kenny Chesney?
Have you been following the NFL in the offseason?
kylo ren or vader
Do you like to cut grass?
Have you heard of CALL ME MAYBE by Carly Rea?
Did you know Lady Gaga plays several different instruments?
Man, did you see the end to the Penguins and Senators game last night?
Kansas City Chiefs are a good team.
I thought the avengers was a good action movie
I was watching peoples' YouTube videos about their Top 5 Beatles albums, and guess which great one was not on one single list?
Do you like Lady Gaga? Her new music is definitely interesting.
Are you a fan of zombie movies?
I think you will find them entrancing.
I really think the movie Brave was a nice example of courage; how about you?
Who do you think the best tight end is?
What did  you think of the new Linkin park  track?
Hi.
So do you like movies?
hey have seen the new trailer for wonder woman ?
Did you take any music lessons in school?
So are you going to go to Latrobe to watch training camp?
Have you heard a artist called debiotator?
Have you ever seen the movie Magnolia?
Did you see the first Fast and Furious short film?
O.K., last time we talked about Brooklyn and simple movies, but you must have liked some blockbusters through the years.
Do you like animated movies?
What is the most evenly matched division in the NFL today?
Have you ever purchased a "Now that's what I call Music cd"?
I wonder if they are going to address the whole issue that Anakin Skywalker was supposed to bring balance to the Force in The Last Jedi.
When did the Beatles first become popular?
The Dark Tower is coming out soon.
Do you like Lady Gaga?
Did you see the Dodgers game last night?
I will show you the world!
Hi there.
Any teams you expect to surprise us this year?
I want to branch out and listen to some international artists.
How do you think the Dolphins are going to do this year?
Do you like pop music?
I'm so bored since school got out.
Do you know Lady Gaga's music?
Do you think the Chicago bears will ever rise again.
Have you heard the new Chance the Rapper?
What did you think of the movie "Signs"?
I just saw "Roman Holiday" again. I adore that movie!
Hi.
Way better.
How many songs can you name from the 1980's?
Do you like movies?
My son has a ball game tonight.
Amadeus is such a weird name
Do you like Latino pop music?
As a New Orleans Saints fan, are you excited about Adrian Peterson?
I just got a bunch of really good rock the other day.
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Carribean movie?
Have you listened to Mouse on the Keys before?
Even though I don't like fantasy movies in general, I like Harry Potter. What about you?
Have you ever thought about what music you'd like played at your funeral or wake?
I heard eighties fashion is making a come back for the summer in 2017.
I listen to a lot of Irish folk music.
Was The Chronic as big as people make it sound?
Did you see the movie The 300?
What do you think is the worst rock band of all time?
Are you a big fan of comic book movies?
Hey
Hey are you ready to watch your favorite team.
In Aladdin do you think Ja'Far hated Aladdin or the Genie more?
Okay, let's list our favorite battle scences in order of movie. I'll start with the Death Star fighter battle from a New Hope.
Did you know Aladdin was the 31st Disney animated feature?
Did you see that no hitter last night?
Did you think Hellraiser was a good film?
Did you like the Beatles music?
Did you go to Boston Calling this year?
You ready for those Cowboys?
Hi.
Did you see the movie the Princess Diaries?
Hey, what's up?
Do you like the newer star wars movies?
Hey, what's your favorite horror movie.
Did you watch the game between the Braves and Marlins last night?
Have you ever listened to any of Chris Crocker's  music?
I never realized the Beatles were from Liverpool.
Do you listen to the radio anymore?
Do you prefer west coast or east coast rap?
Did you see Beauty and Beast?
Hey man, do you want to go see that new Alien movie with me?
Do you ever listen to the Alice Cooper Show.
Do you like any country music that's out?
What do you think Adam Sandler is up to?
Which state has the worst football team in the NFL would you say?
Do you like Katy Perry?
Hey do you remember U2's Boy album?
What's your favorite music genre?
Oh man, I just saw "Inside Out" for the first time this weekend!
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
I want you to hear an artist I know you'd like. The group's name is Esthero.
Have you seen Dior's new fall campaign for 2017?
How many Super Bowls did the Steelers win back in the 1970s.
Have you seen the new Paramore music video?
Remember Han Solo?
Hey how are you?
Are you a baseball fan?
What kind of hobbies do you have?
Think the Patriots will again this year?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
You know Brandon Flowers from The Killers?
Do you want to come shopping with me?
What is your favorite football team?
What is your favorite Cartoon theme song?
So, Elvis, was he overrated?
Did you see Rouge One?
Hey did you see the trailer for that new movie about emojis ?
So, I'm thinking of doing a movie sequel trivia night, and I was wondering if I could run some of the questions by you?
I wa thinking about doing a Star Wars marathon this weekend.
Want to help me design a dress for a competition I'm going to be in?
Have you seen that movie Everything, Everything?
What kind of music do you think will be the next big thing?
Who do you think the best quarterback in the NFL will be this year?  And you can't say Tom Brady.
Do you remember Our Lady Peace?
Whats your favorite sci fi thriller movie?
Whatever happened to harmony in popular music?
I noticed you really like Maroon 5's latest hit. Have you listened to some of their earlier stuff?
I can't wait for football season!
How often do you purchase CDs?
Have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2?
Do you like Kurt Russel?
What about the prequels, which one was your favorite?
Did you know American Football grew out of English sports such as rugby and soccer?
What is your favorite horror movie?
Have you heard that Anastasia is on Broadway?
So who do you think is the NFL team of the future?
Hey, have you heard any good country music lately?
Who do you like in The Lion King?
Man, I've been really getting into Woodstock lately.
Okay, so I don't really understand this football stuff at all.
Did you ever get to listen to Lady Gaga's album Born this Way?
Have you ever wondered what the song I Am the Walrus is about?
If fans had a vote, what do you think they would vote as best action movie?
What do you think of the Panthers?
What is your favorite Disney song?
Did you see the game between the Giants and Dodgers last night?
Eagles, Broncos, Chiefs, Seahawks, Raiders, Cardinals.
Why am I obsessed with JLo's "Ain't that funny? She sounds excellent here.
Have you ever watched some of the older Disney movies, the ones with Haley Mills?
Do you like I'm sexy and I know it.
Did you buy Lady Gaga's Joanne album?
I wonder if they'll do another Sherlock Holmes movie.
Did you know that this year is the 50th anniversary of the Sgt Peppers album?
Do you like Thriller movies?
So then what is a "movie" in your view?
Do you like Kendrick Lamar?
Have you ever been to an NFL game before?
Have you seen the remake of dirty dancing?
What's your favorite Edgar Wright movie?
Who shot first: Greedo or Han?
What is your favorite animated film?
Have you seen any new movies lately?
Do you watch star wars?
Have you seen Jupiter assending?
Do you see any merit to making a music video anymore?
Have you seen Tom Cruise's The Mummy?
I just saw Superbowl XXXVI on replay last night.
What is your favorite Lady GAGA album?
who are you voting for come tomorrow's election?
What did you think about Lady Gagas halftime show at the Super Bowl?
I think the Chargers are going to win the west this year.
I really hate it when a show comes out on DVD and they had to change some of the music.
Any good movies that were originally books?
What do you think of fashion?
do you like nickleback
Hey!
What movie older than 30 years should I definitely see if I haven't seen it?
Do you listen to Rock music ever?
Who's your favorite female singer?
Do you like any of Taylor Swift's music?
Hey, Paulito, do you plan on going to any NFL games this year?
I wondered if he's still alive.
Have you been keeping up with the games lately?
Did you like the chances that were made to the Star Wars films?
Jason versus Freddy was awful in my opinion.
Have you seen Ken Burns' documentary about baseball?
Looking  back  what do  you think of the  clone wars movie ?
Hey Lenny, did you get the birthday present I sent?
Have you heard of Miley Cryus.
Have you seen the movie Old Yeller?
Hey, do you know what band I've really gotten into lately?
What rap song do you know every single word to?
Honestly, I'm a big fan of broadway.
Hey, are you going to see the new Spiderman movie?
Hi, have you listened to any good music lately?
So have you heard about the devil's blood?
How about them St. Louis Rams?
So who's your favorite old school rapper?
What kind of music do you like listening to the most?
Have you seen any of the Austin Power movies?
Who is the best team in baseball right now?
Have you seen the movie get out?
What about Luke Skywalker, as an action hero?
Kendrick is one of the new best rappers out right now.
I also like the Dallas Cowboys.
Did you hear that Lady Gaga teamed up with Starbucks?
Have you been working out?
Do you like the backstreet boys?
What kind of sports do you watch on TV?
What are your predictions for the Steelers in this year's NFL season?
Who's the best pitcher in the league right now?
Hey, what's up?
Do you prefer older or newer Star Wars movies?
You know what would make an awesome final side movie?  An Obi Wan story.
I absolutely love that dress.
Hey, have you listened to Lorde's new album?
What do you think of this oldie but goodie?
Have you watched A Cure for Wellness?
Do you like Green Day.
I love Karen O!
Hey I brought back your copy of The Lion King.
What do you think about Drew Brees?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast yet?
Did you see the movie Titantic?
Have you heard Halestorm's latest single?
Did you see Miley Cyrus on Jimmy Fallon the other night?
One thing I’ve always felt Disney did great was tell stories in their films.  Any movie that really stands out as telling a great story to you?
Are you doing anything for the Fourth of July?
Being a force ghost returns you to your optimum age. That's why Anakin is younger than Darth Vader
Hey, what's your opinion on the song Hey Jude?
I saw The Lion King last night.
What do you like more? The beginning of the NFL season, or the end.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Are you excited about the upcoming Packers games?
Oh, I really love the Beatles. Nobody writes music like "Yesterday" anymore.
What is your favorite 80's band?
How many remakes of the Disney movies do you think they will make?
You see that new show get out
I had never noticed how many thriller movies the guy from Broke Back mountain has been in.
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Do you listen to a lot of rap music?
Hi, Geoff, what are you watching?
Who's your favorite band?
The other night, I sat down and watched the classic 1970's thriller, Jaws. You've seen that one, right?
Hey Brandon how's it going?
Are you going to see the new Star Wars movie?
Hi, is that a beatles song?
When will the Cardinals win a title?
Aren't you a great fan of Chris Hemsworth?
The past few superbowls have been kind of uninteresting
What do you think of the Happiest Millonaire?
Ever heard of Trance music?
Have you ever heard Rupaul's music?
Bought any good albums lately?
Did you ever see Meet the Robinsons?
Did you like the Backstreet Boys?
oh about yesterday football match?
Have you seen Aladdin?
Who is the top prospect for Penn State this year?
Did you see any of the animated films that got nominated for Oscars this year?
How well do you know the band Modest Mouse?
Are you a fan of Creedence Clearwater Revival?
If you are going to list the greatest songs of all times you have to include Hotel California by the Eagles.
Have you heard of Fall out Boy?
I wish I had a magic carpet. Like in Aladdin.
What did you think of that new Harry Potter Movie, Beasts from Within?
I'm having a few friends over tonight nad we want to watch a thriller. I don't normally watch thrillers so can you recommend something?
One time I turned on the radio and the most awful song started playing.
What do you think of U2?
When did you first see Star Wars Episode IV, A New Hope?
Have you seen GHOST BUSTERS?
Have you ever listened to Perry Como?
Do you know who Avenged Sevenfold are?
So I guess drew Barrymore was quite a partier
I'm so sad about Carrie Fisher dying. She made the first Star Wars movies so special.
What are your top disney films?
So who are some of your favorite minor characters in the Star Wars films?
You know, I miss the Beatles.
I watched The Lion King with the grandchildren the other night and I cried like a baby.
I think Rogue One was a great example of taking an obscure but vital reference in A New Hope and turning it into a dynamite action film.
Do you like the Beatles music?
Girl you know I love music all my life everything i do and did i am always listening to music but i find myself missing Michael Jackson making more music.
Which do you like better, Kill Bill 1 or 2?
Oh can we listen to some Melanie Martinez? Please?
Have you seen Nightcrawler?
You're a fan of WWE wrestling, right? Did you see that movie The Marine 5?
Have you seen the movie Coming to America.
Did you ever end up seeing that movie, "Split"?
What's your favorite current artist?
I love Johnny Cash.
Who is/was your favorite rock artist?
I really had no idea Mary Poppins was a disney movie
I really enjoyed the original avengers movie.
What's your favorite opera?
Do you like The Beatles?
I finally figured out the problem. They treat Snape much more sympathetically in the movies than they do in the books.
What do you think about Disney movies?
Have you seen that Lady Gaga music video?
What is your favorite Will Ferrell movie?
What do you think of Fifty Cent?
Lets talk about music
There, there. what was THAT call about?
I think my all time favorite Disney movie is Alice in Wonderland.
You like mystery movies, right?
So I think they should have stopped making the movies when Paul Walker died.
have you seen pulp fiction?
What are the chances the Cowboys make the super bowl?
Do you like Mumford and Sons?
You an old movie that still gets me
Have you seen the movie Super 8?
When is the 2017 draft anyway?
Woah, have you heard Duke Ellington's 40s music?
Are you planning to go see the Tupac movie All Eyez on Me?
I was looking online at those top ten lists I love so much, and I saw one for Star Wars characters.
Let's rent a movie tonight.  Any ideas?
What's your favorite MLB team?
When my high school sweetheart broke up with me, he used the lyrics of an old Fall Out Boy song.
Are you as excited as I am for the upcoming season?
Man this director is nuts
Did you hear that Allie X finally released Collxtion II?
I never understood why Goblet of Fire was liked so much.
Can you believe the Capitals again lost before getting to the finals?
Did you watch that movie called Magic Mike?
Say, what is the name of the song you are jamming right now?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Have you seen John Wick 2 yet?
What do you think about the Dallas Cowboys?
Have you watched any Harry Potter movies?
MMMMM bop!
Who do you think will be MVP this year?
Mom, I think you should turn the music down.
What you watching?
I love listening to the radio and zoning out with the music on the way home from work!
What do you think of disco music?
What is the saddest part of Star Wars?
I hate movies where they force people to interact with a clearly CGI character who isn't there.
I watched a great movie last night!
What did you think of Tokyo Drift.
Are there any upcoming movies you are planning to see?
I always tease my sister about this part of The Lord of the Rings: Two Towers.
So who is your favorite rapper?
Worst team in the NFL this year. What are your thoughts?
Do you like music
Which is more important to you, director or style?
I went and  saw  split  yesterday .
Have you seen all of the Harry Potter movies yet?
How familiar are you with The Beatles?
Did you know that Lady Gaga's real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta?
Do you remember who won the 2000 NBA finals?
Have you seen any good comedy movies lately?
Okay, possible unpopular music opinion about to be stated here.
Lets talk about music
Do you still play?
The kids and I watched Moana today.
I'm impressed at the amount of merchandise that Star Wars has pumped out all these years.
Did you see the last Fast and Furious movie?
Yo you like Matisyahu?
Do you prefer Biggie or Tupac?
Who was your favorite Beatle?
Have you ever seen the movie Inception?
I need to make something
Did you ever see "On the Waterfront?"
What's your favorite movie in the Harry Potter series.
Who is your favorite singer from the band One Direction?
Lonnie Devers just got married.
Hi.
Is this the last stand for the Cavaliers?
Can you think of any Pop Artists who have crossed over to Rnb?
In The Empire Strikes back what's something you don't like?
Did you watch the Celtics-Cavs the other night?
What is your favorite movie, a funny one?
Hey, so if you had to pick, what do you think is your favorite Star Wars movie?
I saw Seven Samurai for film class.
Hi
What's your favorite Michael Jackson song?
Do,you think the chiefs make the playoffs?
Did you watch the game last night?
Do you like faster or slower rock?
This trend is funny
Who is your favorite actress?
Hey Susie you watching the game tonight?
What is your Favorite Disney movie?
So I am putting my son in music therapy.
who do you think is the best lyrical south rapper
Did you like the Exorcist?
When do you think Rock music began?
Huh, looks like Sofia Coppola has another movie out.
What do you think of Katy Perry?
Are you into Bob Dylan at all?
I watched Lion King with my kids the other day. I think it is one of the best Disney movies ever!
What do you think of Eminem?
Hey, what did you think of the Phantom Menace?
Do you know how the Dodgers are doing this year?
Can you give me a good Van Damme  movie to watch tonight?
How do you thin Tampa Bay will do this year?
What do you think about Beyonce?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
I am ready to watch some football
Hi
Do you ever listen to Beyonce?
What is your favorite color Lightsaber?
One of my favorite comedies was this outrageous puppet movie called Team America : World Police. It was a scream.
What was the final score for the Cavs game?
Have you watched that Kingly movie
Remember that duo from Europe?
Did you get a chance to hear the new Kendrick Lamar?
What is with all these remakes? Doesn't Hollywood have any original ideas anymore?
Hi! Have you seen the movie Sausage Party?
I'm torn about my opinion on the Grateful Dead
Hey you going to the game this weekend?
I want to go see 47 Meters Down soon, it came out recently.
Have you heard of The Outer Vibe?
Your favorite movie director, go.
Do you like gwen stefani?
Let's talk about pop music. Who is your favorite pop group?
How about the NBA lottery results the other night.
If you could have one pet from a disney movie what would it be?
Who is your favorite Beatle?
I'm thinking of going to see that Baywatch movie. What do you think of The Rock as a comedy actor?
What's your favorite NFL team?
I want to watch an action movie that will make me think.
Name the movie that this quote is from: "You've got dirt on your nose, did you know?".
Did you see that interview with Tarentino on The Hateful 8?
What is the best Tarantino movie?
What was the name of that first guy, before Mike Patton?
Have you heard that they are making a Broadway musical of Frozen?
What is your favorite Star Wars planet?
What do you think about Director Kevin Smith?
Have you see the Lion King?
Have you seen any good action movie lately?
I just saw Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.
Hello.
Did you ever see the Computer that Wore Tennis Shoes?
Have heard Katy Perry's new album Witness?
The San Antonio Spurs are getting killed in this series.
I recently saw the movie Moana.
Did you see any good comedy movies recently?
do you like the beatles
do you like city and colour
Did you like Superman Returns?
Do you like Will Ferrell?
Hey, do you want to watch Sunday Night football next week?
What kind of music have you been listening to lately?
Have you seen the 2000 thriller American Psycho will Christian Bale?
I love The Wizard of Oz!
Have you ever seen True Lies with Arnold Schwartzeneggar?
Who is your favorite pop musician?
They need to make a Tick movie.
What was that song that you used to sing all the time?
What's your favourite aspect of the Star Wars franchise?
Peter Pan is one of best Disney films.
Have you been watching any of the playoffs?
Hey
Is Home Alone the most overrated comedy ever?
By any chance, have you managed to see the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
What is your favorite music genre?
So I have a movie question for you and it is kind of hard.
Did you hear the new Chainsmokers song on Youtube?
What do you think of Finding Dory?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
Hey, do you keep up with NFL football?
What do you think about Alice in Wonderland?
Did you hear they're making another Jurassic Park movie?
Have you ever seen the Star Wars Series?
I watched Beauty and the Beast for the first time last night.
Do you like Pinocchio?
Hey what do you think of Adele's music?
Are you a fan of Coen brothers movies?
Hey do you know anything about football or watch anything about the NFL?
You like sports movies?
What's your favorite one-hit wonder song?
Hey, what do you like about Star Wars?
Have you ever seen The Goonies?
How old were you when you first heard music?
So, have you seen the movie The Aristocats?
Lets talk Smokin Aces.
Have you seen the trailer for Black Panther yet?
Have you heard that new song by Taylor Swift "Wildest Dreams"?
I just rewatched Rogue One last night. It's still holding up on the small screen.
Why was the western conference so bad this year?
Which of Lady Gaga's songs impacts you the most?
Did you like the original Beauty and the Beast or the live-action version better?
Do you like the Star Wars prequel movies?
Can you believe Prodigy died?
Do you think the Bills have a shot this year?
What death is the saddest do you think?
do you know any good songs from the 70's
Do you like pop music?
Do you like comedy movies?
Hey! I got two tickets to the big game this weekend. Wanna go?
Do you ever listen to trap music?
Turn down that c-rap!
Do you want to watch a French movie?
I just saw 2 Fast 2 Furious.
I am a little confused
In my opinion, one of the better movies over the last decade is The Wrestler. Have you seen it?
What character did you identify with more, Han or Luke?
I just watched the movie Sully, did you see it?
Mike zimmer is a great head coach
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Hey Joe, what are you listening to?
Hey are you ready for NFL preseason?
Do you listen to the top fourty on the radio?
How are you doing today?
Have you ever seen the Disney movie Lady and The Tramp?
I just saw Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince.
I've been listening to Christina Aguilera today!
How was your daughter's ice hockey game this morning?
Do you like football?
Did you ever see Shrek The Musical?
What do you think of Simon and Garfunkle?
Have you watched much football lately?
Hey so it's summer time.
My kids loved Disney movies when they were growing up. And I'd sit down and watch them over and over with them.
Do you like Destiny's Child?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Did you hear the Devils received the first pick in the NHL draft?
Which decade had the best music?
How many times have you seen Phish live?
The culture surround the NFL just keeps growing. It's got to be worth millions.
What is your favorite Muppets movie?
What's your favorite Beatle's song?
What do you think the best Jamie Foxx movie is
I hope Rey isn't related to Luke or Han or Leia, like it was rumored.
Peter jackson brought the best books to life
Hi.
Do you like the Minnesota Vikings?
You going to the Linkin Park concert?
Are there any movies out that you want to see?
I watched The Incredibles yesterday. It was a mind-blowing movie.
Did you like the SUPERBOWL?
Man I am so bored at work
What is your top movie of the year so far?
Did you ever see Snatch?
That Camaro was sweet too.
What's your thoughts on toy story?
So know any good Rock Ballads?
Hey man, I can't hardly wait until football season!
I hate how the movies are so rushed
How did you like the Beatle's Anthology.
I have a weird theory about Neville and Snape, I'm not sure if it makes sense though.
Who is your favorite pop superstar?
Did you catch Sully?
What is the latest movie you want to see in the theater?
Have you heard of Gary Clark Jr.
Watched any good movies recently?
I love concerts. When was the last time you went to see something live?
snoop dogg is the goat of rap to me
Do you like animated films?
What is your favorite group?
Are you a big Star Wars fan?
Have you seen the neighbors
What do you think is the scariest movie you've ever seen?
You know the NFL has been around for almost 100 years?
You like superhero movies, right?
What do you think of Drake?
There was an article the other day about the top five songs on the Billboard chart for 35 years ago this week.
Do you follow NFL?
Do you like Star Wars?
What are you hearing?
Hey How are you doing today?
Do you listen to world's end girlfriend?
Did you ever wonder if Snow White hates animals?
What rap music have you been listening to lately?
What in the world was that thing that Obi-Wan sliced his arm off in the bar?
Man this Maidens newest album is so epic
Soundgarden had a huge influence on rock in the 90s
Have you watched any good superhero movies lately?
Do you like otown
Do you like to watch any black and white movies?
I loved the new Beauty and The Beast movie. Have you seen it?
Have you ever heard of Richard Cheese?
Who do you like the best in rap?
How is it that Ryan Fitzpatrick scored so high yet he sucks?
Hey bro
I love good old-fashioned rock music.
Was you a fan of Dr. Hook and the Medicine Show in the 1980's?
You know the movie I'm looking forward to?
Were you able to see the hockey game between the New York Rangers and Flyers?
Hey Beth.
Have you heard of Alestorm?
Hey what's your favorite Star Wars movie out of all of them?
Hello.
Have you watched the Phillies lately?
Did you know that Disney owns Star Wars?
Do you like Phish?
Did you ever see Halloween?
Have you ever seen Bad Santa?
Hey.
What do you think of the NFL's take on protecting the players now days?
Who do you think is the best superhero in the movies? I personally like Robert Downey Jr.'s Iron Man.
So why did Harry break the Elder Wand?
Have you ever listened to The Bouncing Souls
People are always asking me what movies I like but no one ever asks what movies I don't like.
What kind of music are you in to?
So have you seen the movie Clueless?
Have you heard of Katy Perry's new song?
So, seen any good movies lately?
Have you heard about what Roger Waters said about David Gilmour this time?
Do you know the artist Future?
Have you seen Fate of the Furious yet?
Do you think there is something special about movies from the 80's and the 90's?
What is your favorite money-related film?
did you see hancock
What do you think of Amy Vachal?
Have you seen that movie shutter island
Okay, what movie do you put in when you're in a bad mood and need a laugh?
Wanna talk about movies?
Your top 3 Disney movies of all time, go.
What's the last song you heard in your car?
What is your favorite band?
Who do you think will win the NFC North?
did you ever see Mulan?
When's the last time Christina Aguilera released an album?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
I wonder who would win
It's hard to believe football season is coming up again
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Did you see Cinderella yet?
I know there's a lot wrong with the Star Wars prequel trilogy--
Who's your favorite NFL player?
I heard Cars 3 is releasing soon.
You by any chance a fan of a particular type of music?
What's your favorite ska song?
What do you think was the best TD in NFL history?
Oh my goodness do you remember pinnochio
Can you believe Paul McCartney turned 75 years old recently?
So, do you think Scarface is an action movie? Or is it crime?
Do you like the comedy movie Mrs. Doubtfire?
I really liked when Harry got that invisibility cloack for his birthday
I saw The Blair Witch Project.
I was looking at a list the other day and you would be absolutely shocked at the number of Disney films that were live action from the 1950s until now.
What music did your parents listen to?
What happened to Britney Spears?
Have you seen The Diary of Anne Frank?
What decade is the best for films?
I just saw a very scary movie!
I'm putting a mixtape together for my boyfriend.
Hey do you think it's fair to say Michael Jordan is the greatest player of all time?
They are remaking so many Disney movies and turning them into live action ones.
If I hear one more person say the Beatles are overrated, I'm gonna lose it.
Do you like Captain America?
What do you think of Pop music?
You like simple, straight forward guitar music right?
what do you think of Sizzla
Have you seen the trailer for the movie It?
So what kind of music do you listen to?
Who do you think makes the best movies?
Have you seen the nbc movie special on arcade fire?
What did you think of Revenge of the Sith.
Do you like rock n roll music?
You seen the new Fast and Furious movie?
I'm a huge New England Patriots fan.
Do you think the Star Wars film will ever have Yoda again?
Have you seen the newest Star Wars movie?
I think the Fox and the Hound is a great movie.
Do you think they should havr given Darth Maul more lines in The Phantom Menace.
Did you know Disney is making a live-action remake of Mulan?
So have you seen the new Star Wars movies?
Did you see the live version of Beauty and the Beast?
What is your favorite genre of music?
I think I am getting tired of comic book movies.
Did the NFL have a division in Europe?
What do you think about Lil Yachty?
Hey I finally saw the new Star Trek movie.
Have you seen The Incredibles?
What is your favorite Christmas movie?
You like the movie Tommy Boy?
Did you see game 2 between the Celtics and Cavs?
My kids will not stop watching Aladdin.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THE DOORS?
Did you saw the Tarzan's movie from Disney ?
What pop artists do you like?
The incredibles was such a fantastic superhero movie
Hey , have you heard any new music lately?
Remember the movie, 'Wall-E?'
Are you ready for some football this year?
Have you listened to Emenem?
Hey, what kind of music do you listen to?
Do you like lady gaga?
I actually just watched Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2. It was great.
Where do you fall on the Britney vs Christina debate?
My kids broke their Frozen DVD today.
Hey, did you know there's a new Wreck-it_Ralph movie coming out?
I was reading an article a couple days ago about the 2017 Football Hall Of Fame inductees.
What are you listening to?
Did you ever see Psycho?
Did you have a favorite football team growing up?
Did you get the DVD of Suicide Squad yet?
Was there a part of The Force Awakens that you didn't like?
Hey, have you seen the movie Memento?
I saw the movie Water.
Who do you think is the last jedi in the next Star Wars movie?
Do you like Disney movies?
Did you get the tickets?
Which football team is from Dallas?
Hey, did you see Guardians of the Galaxy 2 yet?
Do you know what the video of Lady Gaga singing in the car with a british guy is called?
Did you like Thor?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
Is this the last year for the Seahawks to make another run?
Do you like old Disney movies better than the new ones?
Are you a fan of Justin Bieber's songs and music?
Have you been to a game lately?
Lady Gaga is pretty outrageous. Do you like her?
Don't The Beatles just make you want to curl up on the beach and take a nap?
My favorite Bruce Willis movie is Die Hard.
Which NFL team do you think is going to turn it around this season?
Are you ready for some football?
Let's talk about music.
What year did Bambi come out?
What's your favorite horror movie? Like, absolute favorite.
Do you like The Shining?
Can you believe they made a Bay Watch movie?
Too many people don't understand the nature of the Force.
are you attending Adriana's concert in a fouthnight
I would love to see Billy Joel someday.
Do you like kids movies?
What do you think about the Raiders?
Do you follow current music much?
Were you able to watch that new documentary about The Eagles?
So what was the original one with Maleficent?
I can't stand the Seahawks.
Let's talk about the Psycho movies there are lot's of them that have been remade since the first old original one from the 1960's.
Are you a Beyonce fan?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
If you could have only one outfit, what would it be?
Have you watch Clint Eastwood movie called Grand torino?
Do you know how many times they've made a King Kong movie?
So you know any good Star Wars trivia?
Did you see the new Stars Wars movie?
Do you like the romance scene in Lady in the Tramp?
Hey lets talk football. I want to see what your thoughts are on the upcoming season.
I don't understand why Norah Jones has the last name of "Jones".
What's your favorite music  decade.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE SING  CHARLES JOHNSON ?
My favorite song is BEAUTY AND THE BEAT.
Have you been paying attention to the brouhaha over the Comey firing?
Have you heard about the new movie by Jon Watts?
How are you doing this evening?
How good of a band do you think Taking Back Sunday is?
Were you ever a big Michael Jackson fan?
Wow, did you see what Jenna was wearing this morning?
Did you see Straight Out of Compton?
Are you excited to see the next Star Wars?
Could an MLB team go undefeated playing a college schedule?
hey, have you seen the friday the 13th remake they did a few years ago?
Do you like star wars?
Hey what do you think about NFL salaries compared to NBA salaries?
have you heard any word on who might be starting this year for the Dallas cowboys??
Where did you grow up?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga music video?
Um. ok, then I don't know what I was thinking. no wait, I do know what I was thinking. I mean do that for all the teams,
Why do you think music is important and how does it affect different people?
Hey, who is your favorite team?
So, another horror film I've been meaning to see is The Witch.
I think Jar Jar Binks has got to be the worst character in the Star Wars franchise.
My mom has never seen The Departed! I can't believe it.
Hey, I'm going to put some music on. What would you like to listen to?
I absolutely love Eminem how about you?
Hey, are you a fan of Taylor Swift?
you ready for some football
You know my least favorite question?  What is your favorite movie?
Do you listen to classical music?
What's your favorite movie?
Are you a fan of The Cranberries?
What ever happened to Nelly?
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
Hey, you want to come to a concert with me next week?
You know who I'm a big fan of?
Did you see that new Comedy, Why Him?
Do you like to watch horror movies?
What kind of year are the Colts going to have, you think?
Do you prefer to watch horror movies at home or the theater?
I used to go to minor league ball games.  They were exciting and the players were all trying to make a name for themselves.
Do you think the new Han Solo movie will be good?
What is your favorite horror movie of all time?
Hi
I just saw Episode VII for the third time.  I like it more each time I watch it.
Hey Bill, wanna catch the Falcons pre season game next weekend?
Do you like the king of pop?
2016 was a tough year for music.
Have you seen the movie John Q?
Have you ever heard of The Black Crowes?
Did you see the outfits at the Met Gala this year?
Did you hear the new Childish Gambino album?
Do you like Seth Rogan movies?
Who is your favorite fast and furious character?
There is talk of a new Mulan coming out sometime in 2018.
Hey do you watch football?
Did you see the movie Mystic River?
Want to talk about football?
I can't wait for the football season to start! How about you?
I've been listening to music from the 1950's lately.
I like a few songs by the Weeknd, do you know who that is?
Did you like Aladdin?
Who would you like to see win a Super Bowl?
Do you like U2?
They are all over youtube.
Hey, did you catch the game between the Packers and Jaguars?
Which Disney movie princess has the prettiest dress?
So, Mark, what's the best action movie of all time?
who's your favorite star wars villain?
Caddy Shack has to be one of the best movies ever.
Did you ever see Nightcrawler?
No doubt is a good group
Do you like Disney movies.
i just saw Batman v superman dawn of justice
What is your favorite thriller?
Did you see any of the ”Hunger Games” movies?
I watched a really funny older movie the other day.
I recently watched a documentary about the Beatles.
Just listening to my favorite classical.
Let's talk about Thursday Night Football. Is it a good idea or a bad idea?
Have you ever seen The Princess Diaries?
Did anyone get to see Jurassic World yet?
Did you ever see the Disney movie Blackbeard's Ghost?
I guess if one person can do that, it's Lucas.
Know what I like?
Have you seen any Disney movies lately?
The Cubs play the Cardinals Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
I'm curious. Does every state have their own football team?
Who is your favorite 90's band?
Have you seen the Fast and Furious movies?
There is nothing good on television tonight!
Have you seen the new beauty and beast movie?
What are your must have items for summer this year?
So when is the last time you seen a Thriller movie in the theater?
What do you think of the upcoming football season?
A new Cars movie is coming out?
Hey have you head of Lil Dicky?
I just saw "Brave" on Netflix.
Do you think the upcoming Star War movies will be as good as the original trilogy?
Have you heard of Tame Impala?
Do you like the band Journey?
I really love thriller movies. It's my favorite genre.
Do you like Jeremy Camp
Watching movies always helps get my mind off of things, what about you?
Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy 2?
Do you like Reservoir Dogs>
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
Are you excited to see Tristan und Isolde next week?
Have you seen dirty dancing?
Hey B! What are you listening to?
What do you think is the deepest Beatles song?
Did you see that there is a new Dumbo movie coming out?
I met someone today who was so far out there I think he could've written songs for the Beatles.
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
What do you think about all of the changes that George Lucas made to the original Star Wars trilogy?
Someone asked me what my favorite movie of all time is. I have so many I don't know how to answer!
I want to talk about music
Did you see any of the Harry Potter movies?
What is your favorite kids movie?
I need some new bands to listen to. Can you give me something I haven't heard before?
Hi.
Hey, did you see the latest one, Fate of the Furious?
Did you ever see Kill Bill vol 1?
Hey, have you heard of Ed Sheeran?
What kind of music do you like listening to?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What do you think is the most underrated Lady Gaga song?
There are some more things about Jabba the Hutt I remember.
Do you like the band Guns N' Roses?
What is your favorite genre of music?
What was your favorite part about high school music groups?
Have you seen Collateral?
Have you seen the movie The Intern?
Do you think will smith is good in the movies he is in?
What was the last concert you went to?
have you seen the new star wars movie yet?
Have you seen Disney's Sleeping Beauty?
What do you think is the Beatles best song?
What's your all time favorite rock band?
how strong was sidius anyway
Do you know if Lady Gaga has a new album coming out soon?
What is your favorite disney movie
Who is Mitch Mitchell?
Do you like country
Did you catch that newer Brad Anderson film.
I liked Fast Five, but miss the focus on street racing.
Hey, what are you listening to?
Have you seen the new movie Baby Driver?
Have you ever listened to the Jonas Brothers?
Hey what do you think of Bryan Adams?
Hey friendo
Do you remember your first animated Disney movie growing up?
I heard Cyndi Lauper is touring again.
Who is your favorite actor in Toy Story?
Who is your favorite character in Tarzan?
I am interested in seeing some unique covers of the Beatles music
What did you think about Beyonce's halftime show?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Do you like funny and motivational music?
Have you watched the movie Miss Sloane?
what is your favorite Denis Villeneuve movie?
What's your all-time favorite movie?
I love movies
Lets talk about star wars
Die Hard is one of my all time favorite movies.
How come you did not like "Frozen"?
What is your favorite Disney character?
Have you seen the last superbowl?
Who was your favorite Beatle?
What's your least favorite kind of music?
Are you a Hitchcock fan by any chance?
Are you a Star Wars fan?
What is your favorite Coen Brothers film.
Only a few weeks until NFL training camp. I can't wait.
Remember that Ashton Kutcher movie from 15 years ago or so?
I need to dress business casual for work tomorrow. I'm not sure what that means.
Are you excited for the new Cars movie?
Have you seen both Prisoners and the prestige?
Do you think the fast and Furious franchise is actually done?
Have you ever listened to some of Ellie Goulding's work?
Who are we going to see in the Super Bowl this year?
Did you know they're making the Incredibles 2?! It comes out in 2018.
Ask some questions to a baseball guru!
It is so weird
What albums are in your recently played.
The preseason is coming up already!
Did you ever watch the Aristocats?
I think it's crazy that more people our age don't like Taylor Swift.
Have you heard of the new song of Taylor Swift?
I just saw Superbowl XIII.
The NFL season starts exactly two months from today!  Are you excited as I am?
When was the last time you saw that movie Signs?
Who do you think is going to win the NFC South this season?
Pinocchio might be the worst Disney film ever.
Do you like the Fast and Furious franchise?
You ever see Billy Madison?
Hey
Have you seen a good movie lately?
I wonder something
Have you seen now you see me?
I always liked Han Solo.
I just saw Ghost in the Shell last weekend.
Did you see Zootopia?
Do you like the NFL?
Do you like salsa music?
What was up with Jar Jar Binks?
Baseball sure is a slow game. I don't recall it being so slow as a kid.
I just saw The Exorcist in film class.
I'm really excited about the Raiders this season.
Who's your favorite actor?
it was the worst in the X men series if you ask me.
What kind of music do you listen to?
Did you hear about the free concert this summer?
Do you like the rapper Danny Brown?
I loved Talladega Nights
Have you heard the new Lorde album?
Hey Did you see the new Wonder woman movie?
Did you see that Keifer Southerland music video?
How to get ink out of clothes
What kind of Rock music do you like?
Have you seen that new Anna Kendrick movie Table 19?
What's your favorite genre of music?
Do you follow Selena Gomez?
Hey I like that Seattle Seahawks Jersey
So who do you think is the worst character of all time in Star Wars?
Did you see the Giants extra inning game the other night?
Ok, so horror flicks.  What's your favorite?
Do you want to go to the park?
Is the NFL still your favorite thing to watch on television?
What is the worst a player could perform and still be seen as worthy of the number one overall draft pick?
I was thinking about he STAR WARS Death Star.
So, do you think of a lot of the modern horror films coming out?
Did you see the Brewers are now in first place?
What did you think about Rogue One?
What do you think of Paulo Nutini?
i also dig cooper 's outfit
Man this is so kickass
One of my favorite bands of all time used to be AFI.
Hey who do you think is the worst rapper in the business today?
Who is your favorite all-time director?
Every Christmas Eve I make sure to watch the 24-hour run of "A Christmas Story."'
What is your favorite music genre?
Which movie do you think has the best soundtrack?
What are your thoughts on the upcoming NFL season?
what kind of music do u listen to?
What do you find appealing about rap?
Have you seen any good movies you would recommend to me?
What do you think is the most romantic song?
Are you looking forward to the next Star Wars movie?
Have you see Day of the Dead?
Did you watch the Indians game last night?
What is your favorite song right now?
Hey, what do you think of the Colts?
Man I love Lady Gaga!
What's your favorite music genre?
What NFL team is your favorite?
Have you heard of the band called Lucius?
Good morning.
Heard any good instrumental music lately?
How many Star Wars movies have you seen?
Do you like scary movies?
Have you ever seen Back to the beach?
What's your top horror movie of all time?
I just watched Remeber the Titans for the first time last night.
Do you like Niall Horan's music?
How do you think the Minnesota Vikings will do this year?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XIX.
You remember that True Lies movie?
Have you ever heard of Stu Sutcliffe?
Have you ever listened to Lady Gaga?
Do yo like the music of Son'ja
Who are you listening to in regards to pop music?
What is your favorite lady Gaga Music video
Did you know that the Beatles now have their own channel on Sirius XM?
I want to listen to some chill music.
So the first kickoff game of the season is September 7th.
We watched Frozen last night for about the twentieth time.
Did you see the Force awakens yet?
who would win in a fight darth vader or darth maul?
Have you ever seen Saving Private Ryan?
One movie I have never seen is Braveheart.
I need help choosing a dress for the wedding next weekend. Can you go shopping with me on Friday?
You ready for another Giants Superbowl win?
Have you heard of The Birthday Massacre?
Do you like old thriller movies?
Are you gonna go to the Steelers game next week?
Do you like Metallica?
Yo you see that movie, Snow White?
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
What is your favorite ship in Star Wars?
What do you like about going to the movies? It seems too costly for me for what you get.
Are you ready for football?
what thriller have you watched recently?
I got to see Lord Huron in concert last night, they were great.
So who's going to the Super Bowl this year?
I'm so excited Disney did an actual movie of beauty and the Beast.
I was really interested in how well Ariana Grande's Manchester show did to help raise money for the bombing victims, so I went to look it up online.
I'll be in Boston for the 4th of July.this year.
What's the best Disney movie ever made?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
So, I went to see a local band last night.
What kind of music do you listen to?
So for today's lesson in NFL history we are starting out with the Chicago Bears.
Do you remember the candelabra from the beauty and the beast?
Did you see the Cardinals game?
Who's your favorite folk/pop rock artist?
I used to collect Disney movies. I wish I had kept ahold of them.
As of recent, all of the New York football teams sure have been bad
Do you think the beatles made music sober
Which of the Expendables movies was your favorite?
did you been to she Shirley Caesar live?
Have you seen any of the Harry Potter films?
When does the NFL season begin?
How are you doing ?
When is the next Jurassic Park movie out?
Which Star Wars heroine do you like the most?
So, what are your favorite kind or movies?
Do you think football has changed in the past 10 years?
Did you see lala land?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Have you watched Moana?
Do you remember in Empire when the Millennium Falcon was flying through the asteroids field?
Do you like the traditional Disney Princess movies or the more current ones?
So how excited are you for the new Star Wars movie the Last Jedi?
What's that that you're listening to?
Do you remember the first Ninja Turtles movie?
Do you have any favorite pop singers these days?
What is that disney movie with the Hawaiian Princess?
I just saw Citizen Cope live.
Have you seen The Little Mermaid?
Did you see the game between the Warriors and the Spurs last night?
Have you ever seen the movie Don't Be A Menance.
Did you ever get a chance to see Florence Foster Jenkins?
I watched that movie Boss Baby with my son the other night.
Ever seen The Natural?
Hey, what did you do last weekend?
Jake Gylenhall is a good actor.
I watched the Zookeeper's Wife last night and thought it was really well done.
What do you think of the band Disturbed?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Here, try this. Ever been to a Willie Nelson concert?
Do you know who AC/DC is?
Do you like Katy Perry?
Battle of the silly superhero movies: Ant-Man or Guardians of the Galaxy?
Hello.  How do you like the music of Justin Bieber?
Did you ever watch Aladdin when you were a little kid?
I don't know what direction the Dallas Mavericks organization is going?
Are you going to see that new Frozen movie when it comes out?
All right, name the most memorable droids in Star Wars. I'll start with R2D2
Do you have any NFL predictions for the upcoming season?
Hi.
Where is the theater?
do you like classic rock music
What is your favorite Star Wars Movie?
Are you watching this movie
What's your favorite Beatles' song?
It is so odd
How are the Bears gonna be this year?
You know what a really good band I haven't heard anything from in a while?
Would Biggie still be relevant if he was alive today?
That New Disney Movie Moana  was not boring in the least
Is Chewbacca an iconic character?
did you see the Super Bowl last year
Do you want to go see Rush with me?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
So, I watched Good Will Hunting again last night.
Did you see the new Fast and Furious movie
Who's your favorite artist?
Do you like the band Journey?
I watched A Nightmare on Elm Street and I don't know if I should watch the sequels.
When does Zootopia 2 release?
I wonder in the movies would be like if the series just continued as movies
Have you ever seen the movie Bad Moms?
Oh my goodness, I just got tickets to the Eagles concert.
Do you like science fiction moviesi?
Did you watch the last Harry Potter movie?
Would you rather watch a silly comedy or a romantic comedy?
As a fan of thriller, did you like the Child's Play franchise growing up?
Man this is exhausting
You like Hitchcock?
They should re-release older movies.
Where do you see the movie industry heading in the next five years?
Did you see that the new Enchanted is being filmed this year?
Have you seen Beauty and the Beast starring Emma Watson yet?
What role did Jim Thorpe play in founding the NFL.
What's your favorite action movie?
Do you remember the pop music that we would listen to growing up in the '90s?
Have you seen the new Beauty & the Beast movie?
We watched Nemo last night.
Are you looking forward to the preseason?
have you heard the song of this girl from Norway?
Did you watch the Red Sox/Yankees game last night?
I really enjoy Bruce Willis movies, what about you?
Did you like the music from The Force Awakens?
I'm trying to find some music to listen to, can you help me?
How are you feeling about the Cowboys this year?
Did you watch the Penguins game last night?
I'm really looking forward to the new infinity wars marvel movies.
Did you see that Radiohead re-released OK Computer with a bunch of new tracks?
Hey have you ever hear of Hoodie Gurus?
Hey there
what is your favorite vader scene?
Let's do some rap trivia, yeah?
Do you like Jimi Hendrix?
its been a while since i saw a disney movie
Did you see the Lego Batman Movie?
Hey man what was your favorite Fast & Furious and why?
Did you hear about Bam Bam Carter?
Do you like Beyonce?
I think some people are overrated
So what have you been listening to lately?
What's the latest new movie you've seen?
Hey
I just saw that show Hateful Eight, made me want to watch some more westerns.
Who do you think your favorite professor would have been?
What kinds of music do you like to listen to?
do you think thor ragnarok will be a good movie?
So big question, who is your favorite NFL team?
Do you know much about the NFL?
Did you ever see Caddyshack?
What's the worst horror movie that you enjoy watching?
Have you seen any star wars movies recently?
Hey, girl! I wanted to see if you wanted to go see Matchbox 20 and the Counting Crows in concert with me?
Do you like bluegrass music?
Do you remember when they had that Beatles Anthology collection?
What are your thoughts on the Spiderman relaunch?
Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Did you know that Johnny Depp was in the first Freddy Kreuger movie?
Hey! We saw a pretty funny comedy on Saturday.
Have you ever listened to Brand New?
That wowld've been cool
hey there. can you tell me show timings of new alien movie?
There's a lot of underrated rappers out there.
Do you like music?
That was an awesome movie! So unexpectedly fresh, and funny!
If you picked an R&B artist as your favorite who would you pick?
I'm so psyched about that new Aquaman movie.
Did you hear about the new wonder woman movie?
Have you listened to America's top 40 this week?
So I heard Ron Howard is directing the new Han Solo movie.
I heard my favorite music couple isn't going to be on The Voice tv show anymore. Gwen Stefani supposedly isn't returning, but Blake is.
What's your taste in music?
Hi.
Hello.
So are you ready for The Incredibles 2 to come out?
So, what bands do you like in this day and age?
Are you excited about the upcoming Justice League movie
Who is your favorite member of the band?
My brother's favorite character is Lando.
What tackle would you take to anchor your line?
I noticed something about almost all Disney movies.  There are almost no 2-parent families.
Hey do you want to do something?
Does Britney Spears still make music?
Yo
I shouldn't say this but I remember when Star Wars first came out.
I want to find a good movie to watch!
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Hey, you've seen any good movies lately?
Wasn't Zootopia hilarious?
Do you know when the Beatles will be making a comeback?
I am excited abou the upcoming NFL season.
So, what new bands have you found out about lately?  I know you're always finding out about something new or different.
What do you think of Dub Step?
What did you think of the game Saturday night?
I think I have watched all the Harry Potter films at least ten times each.
Sting has a real knack for songwriting.
The term pop music covers so many kinds of music in my opinion.
Sometimes I don't know how to feel about Dumbledore as a character. He was awfully manipulative.
How long have you been a beatles fan?
What do you think are some of the best NFL prizes? I think I have some idea.
Have you seen any of the X-Men movies?
Hey,I'm playing a show tonight with my band, you should come.
Do you remember seeing the movie the Titanic?
Did you see Furious 7?
Is Ryan Reynolds a good actor?
I honestly have never seen Pulp Fiction.
Hey Jerry, have you heard of Fitz and the Tantrums?
Hey man you ready for some football?
Did you ever see The Nice Guys?
Did you see Suicide Squad?
How do you feel about the series going up to 10 movies?
Do you think Jack Nicholson is one of the best actors of all time?
Who do you think is the greatest female rapper of all time?
I really love the Discover Weekly feature on Spotify.
Do you follow the NFL draft at all?
What genres of movies do you like?
who is your favorite Hip-hop star?
I am so happy!
Which character do you think changed the most throughout the series?
Which team in the NFC East do you think will be the most improved?
Do you like Jazz music.
My favorite scene in all of Star Wars is the Trench Run from Episode IV. What is yours?
Are you into music at all?
Polly, did you see then new Disney version of The Jungle Book?
The football season is coming up.
What have you been up to today?
What type of music have you been listening to lately?
Are you an NFL fan?
Hey did you see the Bruins vs Penguins Game?
Have you listened to the new Katy Perry album?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Walt Disney had so many feature animated movies , which do you like best?
Hey so what music have you been listening to lately?
Do you like classic rock?
Do you think the Cardinals have a shot this year?
Do you remember the song called "Hero" by Mariah Carey?
Do you think the Community movie will come out anytime soon?
What is the best action movie of all time? It has to have everything.
If you could be in any Star Wars vehicle, what would you choose?
What is the deepest position in NFL football?
Which of the robots from Star Wars is your favorite?
Have you heard the new Lorde album yet?
So what do you think about the movie Ocean´s Eleven?
Do you think it's right that tax payers help pay for a new football stadium?
So, have you heard about the next Jurassic movie they're working on?
I think I really like Beyonce, do you?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Have you seen the real to life Beauty and the Beast with Emma Watson?
DId you see the cavs game?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
I just saw Rogue One.
What's your preferred genre of music?
Do you think Marvel will continue making super hero films?
Have you ever seen the Kill Bill series?
I've really been wanting to get into jazz, but I'm not sure where to start.
Have you ever heard of the singer Kane Brown?
HAVEN,T YOU SEEN THE MOVIES ICE ACE?
Did you see the movie SIng?
Lets talk about music
Do you think movies based on books are better than those from original screenplays?
Do you like Dumb and Dumber?
Did you watch The Lion King?
Did you see the Spurs game last night?
What is your favorite Disney movie of all time?
So what do you think of the legacy of Princess Leia as a sci-fi movie character?
Have you heard any of Ed Sheeran's work before?
Let's watch Hellboy.
Who is your favorite pop singer?
They are going to be making a show about Cruella De Vil before 101 Dalmations starring Emma Stone.
So did you see the preview for The Last Jedi?
Did you finally see the Pride and Prejudice with Keira Knightly?
Have you seen Moana yet?
Have you watched any of the Harry Potter movies?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Have you seen the ugly truth
Have you heard the new song by The Killers?
Did you know that Mickey or a symbol of Mickey is hidden in most all of Disney's films?
Have you caught up on your Harry Potter movies?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Hi there.
Can you believe Disney, one of my favorite genres (yes.. its a genre ;) ) owns Marvel AND Star Wars now?!
Did you ever see Jurassic Park?
What's your favorite movie?
Hey
What is your favorite thriller about serial killers?
Hey man, do you like pop music?
Do you think there's a certain age where footballer's are just too old to play?
Why are the superman movies so bad?
Do you like comedy movies?
Were you ever able to go to a Beatles' concert when they first came to America?
Are there a lot of good female artists?
Do you know of any new movie releases coming up?
I just watched National Lampoon's Vacation again for the 15th time
Hey! Do you like basketball?
Have you heard of Preservation Hall?
What do you think about the Raiders moving to Las Vegas?
Hey, do you like Mel Brooks movies?
the beatles wrote some of the most iconic love songs of all time
Did you hear they are making a new Toy Story movie?
I was reading an article about the band 5th Harmony yesterday about why they're not changing their name.
Are you watching the Celtics play the Cavs tonight?
Do you like Train?
Hey what's up?  Have you seen any good movies lately?
What types of music do you like?
Are you into Thriller movies at all?
Who are you going to be rooting for this NFL season?
Have you seen the new preview for the next Star Wars movie?
Do you like the band Queens of the Stone Age?
How good was the movie The Lion King, released in 1994!
Hey, have you seen that recent movie with Matt Damon and Willem Dafoe?
Did you see Frozen
Who is your favorite harry potter character?
Are you a fan of the James Bond movies?
So i noticed some odd things with Tampa's schedule.
What did you think of the final Matrix movie?
What about that Yankee/Cubs matchup the other night?
Have you seen the movie Rogue One?
Do you like eminem
We finally saw Moana.
How do you like Pixies?
I absolutely love groove metal music.
Have you seen the movie, The girl on The Train?
Do you like indie rock?
Have you ever listened to Rod Stewart?
Have you seen any of the final destination movies?
Have you seen the movie Requiem for a Dream?
Who all has Dr. Dre made famous?
Hey, turn on the radio. Justmake sure it's not that country garbage you listen to,
I was telling my daughter to watch some of the rat pack movies.
Is Porzingis long for New  York?
One of my favorite comedies is Ted.
What is your favorite star wars movie?
Have you heard SORRY?
I laughed so hard at Deadpool.
So, did you hear what Brady's wife said a few weeks back?
Are The Carpenter's good?
Did you know John Lennon from the Beatles loved cats? He had ten of them when he lived with his first wife Cynthia.
What is the greatest comedy movie of all time?
Hey there, are you watching the NBA playoffs?
What happens at the end of Return of the Jedi?
Did you watch the Lakers and Celtics game last night?
I went to go see a Lifehouse concert when I was 14, do you remember them?
Do you like iron man?
Yea, both of those teams will probably still be contenders, but maybe other teams will rise.
Hogwarts must be a huge place.
Do you like rap?
Which version of Miracle on 34th Street do you like the best?
What do you think of popular music these days?
Have you seen Rock Dog?
Have you heard of the band 'The Toadies'?
Have you been listening to any rappers lately?
What do you think of Ringwor,?
What was the first one about? The original
You saw The Hunger Games, right?
Would you consider more of a fan of retro rap, such as back in the '90's, or today?
I used to listen to Evanescence so much when I was younger.
When does the new Cars movie come out?
Hi! are you  a fan of football?
What was that movie that came out a few years ago with zombies?
do you like linkin park
Hey man you like rock music I've been trying to find a good band to listen to.
Did you see the score of the Rangers vs. Blackhawks game this weekend?
Ok, we are going to do something different. I'm going to name quarterbacks and you give me your thoughts on them.
Isn't it weird that David Lynch makes music?
What do you think about the Detroit Tigers bullpen?
Did you see that war movie Fury.
Yo you going to see the new star wars movie, the last jedi?
Did you watch the lego movie
What you seen the new Mummy Movie
I heard a cool ending for the Return of the Jedi that was never used.
I often think I was born in the wrong decade.  I really enjoy the music of groups like Simon and Garfunkel.
What do you think about show tunes?
Hey
Even though it's been over a year I'm still listening to Beyoncé's Lemonade like it was the first time.
Did you see the game last night?
Does billboard still put out the charts for music?
What's your favorite part of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone?
Do you think there are any teams that were as good as the Patriots are nowadays?
Arnold Schwarznegger is one of my favorite actors.
I cannot wait to see how the Cowboys do next year.
Do you like the Black Eyed Peas?
Hi, how have you been?
What did you think of the way the Force Awakens played out?
I saw a top ten lisit of the 10 saddest Disney movies.
Did you see the Spurs beat the Rockets in game 6 the other night?
Did you hear new song from Darius Rucker?
When someone approaches you with their mixed tape how do you feel?
So what are we gonna watch tonight?
You know, I have to admit that I am really surprised that Lady Gaga can actually sing.
Did you see the game between Kentucky and North Carolina?
I heard the Beatles were super into Indian music in the 60s. Trippy.
Do I have to start at the beginning of the Harry Potter series?
Have you seen Martyrs?
You ever see No Country for Old Men?
Have you heard of Alex G?
How do you think the Carolina Panthers will do this year?
Were you more of an Snoop Dogg or Dr Dre person?
I've been on a drama movie kick lately. What would be your favorite in that genre?
Did you ever see The Man Who Knew too Little.
Which movie from the Fast & Furious franchise did you enjoy the most?
Can you believe we used to get scared at movies like Halloween and Carrie?
Hey, did you hear Taylor Swift's music  is back on Spotify?
Who do you think is going to win the NFC West this year?
Okay, what is your favorite genre of action movies?
Hmmm i am not so sure i like this movie
Have you  had a chance to see the last Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
Don't you just love the music in all of the Disney movies?
I can't stand the league.
Who were some of the big winners at the Grammys this year?
Hi there.
What is your favorite comedy?
Did you go to one her Lady Gaga's concert for Monster Ball Tour?
After Dumbledore and Voldemort, who do you think was the most powerful wizard?
Have you ever seen the movie A Hard Day's Night?
I always loved to watch Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs when I was little.
Did you see Bishop's new deal?
Which character do you like best in the Harry potter series
Have you heard any good pop music on the radio lately?
You know what movie I love? Django Unchained.
I can't wait for the football season to start back up! Are you excited?
Hey girl, what's up?
Good day.
Let's talk about movies
Are you excited for the new Han Solo Movie?
Hey, did you know that Midnight Cowboy was the only X-rated film to ever win Best Picture?
Have you heard the new Nightwish CD?
I can't wait for the nfl season to start.
Have you seen any good movies recently?
I'm lucky, being older than you.
Did you ever see the old Hitchcock film Vertigo?
Hey, did you ever listen to Vanilla Ice?
whats your favorite jim carrey movie
Have you heard of the band My Chemical Romance?
Do you like The Beatles?
Did you know I could speak Jabba-nese?
Did you like the Toy Story movies?
Did you ever listen to Guns and Roses?
Did you hear that they are making a Cars 3 movie?
Did you hear Pinochio is really a porn movie?
I wonder something
What is your favorite rock band?
Have you been listening to any new bands lately?
Who directed that movie The Killing?
Do you like Laurence Olivier films?
Hey what are you doing today?
Have you ever heard of Ozma?
Have you ever seen The Reef?
Have you seen Dr.Strange yet?
Hello.
I have been trying to get into some new kind of music.
What rock bands do you listen to?
Let's talk about music.
Hey
Man this is so sad
Did you grow up on Disney movies?
Who is your favorite actress from the Star Wars movies?
Dude, have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy sequel yet?
Who's the greatest band of all time?
Do you know John Michael Montgomery at all?
One movie genre I tend to enjoy is actually versus movies. For example, Freddy vs Jason.
Do you think Han Solo is the best Star Wars character?
I love to sing in the car when I'm driving, I don't even care if anyone sees.
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Are you excited for the preseason?
Are you looking forward to watching Spider-Man: Homecoming?
So tell me what you think of the Browns this year?
So where do you fall on the Beatles vs. Stones debate?
I feel like there's a lot to like about the Star Wars franchise.
How do you think the Browns wll do this year
Did you see "The Silence of the Lambs?"
Did you know that Chris Thile married Adalind from Grimm?
So when did you stop listening to rap music?
So, you ever seen the movie Cemetery Man?
Do you like Stephanie Mills?
Have you seen the trailer for the new Transformers movie?
Let's talk about the NFL.
Have you seen Moana that Disney just released recently?
Do you know the artist seal?
I wish I had something to do tonight
How long has it been?
Have you seen that great football movie, Remember the Titans?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you want to go bowling with us Sunday night?
The kids and I finally got around to seeing Moana this weekend.
Have you noticed that Smash Mouth is getting popular again?
What kind of music do you like?
Did you like the sponge Bob movie?
I finally watched that thriller, Dark Swan.
Did you watch that ESPN: 30 for 30 on the 1985 Chicago Bears?
Bambi was such a good movie, it was really sad though
Who do you think is the greatest NFL team of all time?
What was the name of that movie where Collin Farrell was stuck in a phone booth?
I am in the mood to watch an exciting movie!
Hey do you like the Beatles?
My kids were watching Cinderella a few days ago, and now I've got the songs stuck in my head.
Going to any music concerts this Summer.
Who would you say is the best player in the NFL?
What is your favorite kind of Disney movies?
Training camps are starting for NFL football soon.  I'm already getting excited!
If you arrange the Beatles first names by alphabet what order would it be?
Do you know what my favorite Disney animated film is?
Do you watch star wars?
I need to know something
What's your opinion on the Dallas Cowboy?
Who do you think led the emo movement?
Have you seen the new Star Wars Movie?
Did you read Goosebumps as a kid?
Hey, who is playing tonight?
Do you want to go to the movies this weekend?
What music are you listening to right now?
What rap artist have you been listening to lately?
Which is your favorite football team.
Is AC/DC still touring?
Have you heard Metallica's new album?
Hey, I rented Hacksaw Ridge. Want to watch?
Today i bought a brand new electric guitar from Sam Ash Music store
What is your favorite genre of music?
Did you like the movie?
Do you know any Australian pop singers?
Do you like Radiohead?
Hey, I love your shoes. Where did you get them?
Do you know who Irvin Kershner is?
Which star wars movie is your favorite?
Hi, guy.
What a game last night.
How many draft rounds are there for the NFL?
Have you been getting ready for the new season?
Did you hear the new Taylor Swift Song?
What musical has the best soundtrack of all time, would you say?
do you like the clone troopers
Why are the Cubs losing?
Did you see that Train is coming to Jiffy Lube Live?
Who do you think will be the best rookie this year?
Have you heard any of DJ Khaled ?
Who's your favorite pop artist of all time?
The question is, classic rock or contemporary rock?
Have you seen the trailer for the new Reese Witherspoon movie, Home Again?
Do you Baby Face?
What kind of music have you listened to lately?
Did you watch the movie and tv music awards?
What's your favorite scary movie?
Do you like the Doors?
I'm debating whether or not I should give Lecrae a listen. I've heard conflicting reports about whether he's just a Christian who happens to rap or someone who does Christian rap and I don't want anything preachy.
You ever listen to The Offspring?
Have you watched Speed before?
Hey Can you name 15 top Beatles Songs?
I am ready to watch me some NFL football!
Did you like the Princess Leia character?
Hey, last night I went to the Mariners game.
Have you seen all of the Leprechaun movies?
Hwy
Hey i got a question for you
What comedies are coming out that look good?
Have you seen walk the line
Do you like Aaron Rodgers?
Do you have a favorite type of music?
Have you seen the latest Marvel movie?
Have you ever seen the movie Inception?
Have you seen across the universe, the movie?
What was your favorite Matrix movie?
Are you into Lady Gaga at all?
If you were going to recommend one British rapper, who'd it be?
DId you like the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Have you heard of Beck?
Are you excited for the NFL season to start?
Do you prefer animated Disney movies or live action ones.
Did you see the Dodger game last night?
What's your favorite team?
Man who is Leona Lewis?
Who do you think is the top wide receiver in the league?
How do you feel about the current state of pop music
The baseball game got rained out.
What type of lady gaga song do you like the most?
Do you think the Falcons can bounce back after that crushing Super Bowl loss?
Did you ever watch Shutter Island?
Hi
Who's your favorite actor?
What is the cheesiest part of the old Star Wars movies?
Did you see that a new Frozen movie is finally coming out?
What's your favorite rock band from the 80's?
Do you like football?
Are you a fan of jazz music?
Hey do you like scary movies?
1990s fashion is really making a comeback right now.
Do you think the Empire in the Star Wars movies ever learns anything?
Have you watched any movies on Netflix recently?
Do you like watching movies?
Are you a star wars fan?
Do you ever listen to Patsy Cline?
ERIC Clapton is the best rock,guitarist ever.
The NFL season begins on September 07, 2017 this year, and I can't wait.
when are you coming over to mine?
What's your favorite pop song that came out so far this year?
lady gaga's music used to be so good
What is a good action movie to watch?
What's your favorite Beatles album?
Do you listen to pop
Yo
Hey, are you tired already of the "Despacito" song?
Do all of the Disney classic movies have singing in them?
do you like nu metal
Which Super Bowl do you remember the most?
I watched the movie "Devil's Rejects" last night.
Did you know the Little Mermaid came out the same year we were born?
Hey bud, who you got this year, Pats or Seahawks.
I am not sure if i still like the old movies as much as the old ones?
Hey, so what movies are you going to see this summer?
Have you seen any of the Rocky movies?
La la lalalalal boom! I love this song.
What do you think about some of the new rules in the NFL?
I need your help.
Do you like clasic rock?
Did you ever see the Stephen King movie Misery?
Did you know Star Wars has a lot of Japanese influences in it?
Will Smith in movies, good or bad?
Have you seen the movie ' A Dog's Purpose'?
Who's your all time favorite singer?
Dude, what's up with the Bears?
What do you think of the new Arcade Fire song that was released today?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
I love some of the old time music.
Any idea what you want to do this weekend?
Have you heard any great dance songs lately?
how will you like to go with me to a concert?
Do you feel that the NFL is still the best pro sport out there?
Do you like Ben Folds?
I am excited about the upcoming NFL season, are you?
Hi, how are you?
I saw that Emma Watson was in the new Beauty and the Beast.
Damon Harrison is so funny. Did you hear what he said on Good Morning America?
Episode VII plays out like a kids cartoon
John Williams has got to be the greatest composer ever.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
This album was created in late 2012.
Got your fantasy team set up?
So James Bond movies, which ones are best?
Are you fan of the Beatles?
Do you like Lady GAGA?
What is your favorite Tool album?
What did you think of Signs?
Lets talk about football
What do you think of kanye west
Do you like Public Enemy?
Did you like Clone Wars?
I hate how everything has to be a cinematic universe now.
Have you seen Tin Cup?
I just saw Black Swan.
What do you think about Cam Newton?
I want to talk about hip-hop. What are your thoughts on Common?
Have you seen any new movies lately?
What Star Wars character do you dislike the most?
What types of movies do you like?
Have you seen the Disney's movie The Princess Diaries?
This NFL season is gonna be hella fun!
Are you a big fan of the Beatles?
Hi.
What are your thoughts on the live action Cinderella?
What do you think about the music of today?
Hello.
What is your favorite Beatle's song?
Have you seen the commercial for the transformers movie?
Did you know the Parent Trap was a Disney movie?
How long have you been a Lady Gaga fan?
Are you into pop music to listen to?
So how's the weather?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga album?
I am a crazy fan of Toni Braxton's love music in fact all of her music it just gives me a deep down inside good feeling how about you?
How about them Cowboys?
How do you think the season is going so far?
Have I ever told you about my favorite movie, True Romance?
I was reading the other day that Yoda's toes change.
Lisa I just saw a trailer for a new shark movie.
Will the NFL expand ever again?
Halloween is still one of favorite thriller movies.
Do you like John Mayer?
I watched a really interesting, albeit, disgusting movie the other night.
Who is your favorite bubble gum pop princess of the 80's?
What team do you think will do well this year?
What's your least favorite Star Wars movie?
Those Orioles pulled off another one
What kind of movies do you like?
Do you like gospel music?
Why is it that every-time I turn around someone on TV is wearing a blouse with the shoulders cut out?
I would love to watch a good movie right now!
You ever hear of the band July Talk?
What's the last movie you saw?
What do you think of Coldplay?
Long live rock! Who did that?
I love the movie THE GOONIES.
Do you remember the Strokes?
Have you seen Gustavo Dudamel yet?
What do you think of the rapper "Eminem"?
I have the kids this weekend and I wanted to take them to see a movie.  I need some ideas
When I was twelve I was in love with Luke Skywalker. You know, Mark Hamill.
Do you want to go see a ball game some time?
I hope Alien Covenant is as good as the original.
I'm trying to decide if I should see Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales. Do you know much about it?
I can't  wait for the NFL season to start
Do you like the beatles
Who's your favorite character?
Did you see the new movie the ring?
Are you keeping up with the Rangers this year?
What is your favorite football team.
Did you see that the Rangers choked again this year in the playoffs?
Hey..countdown for the NFL 2017 begins are u excited?
James Franco is one of my favorite actors. Did you see 127 hours?
Do you like Metallica?
Have you taken any courses on Music
What's your favorite Batman movie?
What should I sing for the talent show?
What annoys you the most in music?
How did you like dipset in the early 2000s?
Do you remember the truck heist from Fast & Furious 4?
Hey, you know those movie where a cop is investigating something, and in the end it turns out to be paranormal or supernatural?
What is your favorite band?
Have you heard about the 8 Most Wearable Spring 2017 Fashion Trends?
Did you hear that the Chargers are moving to Los Angeles?
Who was one of your favorite rock bands?
What is your favorite genre of music?
Have you seen The Princess Bride?
What's your favorite album by Lady Gaga?
Can you name any jazz musicians?
What do you think about going to an NFL game this season?
What was your favorite band of the last five years?
I wish I had a light saber.
Hey there!
Boy I really disappointed in the Toronto Bluejays!
So what kind of music do you listen to?
Is Pixar still working with Disney? I haven't seen much from them in a while.
I'm exhausted. I've been at work all day. How about you?
Did you enjoy The Little Mermaid?
Are you excited to repeat this year.
Do you have a favourite Disney Princess?
I hate Herzog.
What is your favorite music genre?
Hey what's your favorite superhero movie?
Do you want to go see the new spider man movie?
i saw The Silence of the Lambs on demand last night.
Are you going to be watching the big game between the Vikings and Packers?
Did you like Anakin when he was an adult?
Hi there.
Well you know what I always say, "Hakuna Matata".
Could you tell me who played the Cubs in the 2016 World Series?
Did you watch the Super Bowl last year?
Have you noticed that all the Disney princesses have animal sidekicks?
any plans for the 4th of July?
So what do you think about the Cleveland Browns this year?
I can't decide who's the best linebacker in the NFL right now.
Who is your favorite star wars character
Do you know how many song do the Beatles have?
Did you know they're making a third Cars movie?
Did you watch the Superbowl this past February?
Is there a scientific basis to music?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
So how do you think the Pats will be this year?
Did you see the first Avengers?
What is your favorite Jake Gyllenhaal thriller movie?
So, how do you feel about the world of sports these days?
Have you seen that movie from last year starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling?
I love the Seattle Seahawks.
So, you listen to rock, still?
Hey, did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
You know that new Transformers movie looks like it will be good.
I believe that the hippie movement never went away, it was tranfused by punk into goth.
If you could see any band in concert, who would it be?
I heard that U2 is on tour this summer.
What is your favorite Disney animation.
Have you been watching the Stanley Cup finals?
What music have you been listening to?
What movie do you want to see right now?
Are you ready for the NFL season to start?
Did you ever watch The Fugitive?
What type of music do you like?
Hey, I've been listening to a lot of Alice In Chains lately.
So what is your favorite Disney movie?
What do you think of Green Day?
Did you know that Lady Gaga performed at the Miss Universe Pageant in 2008?
Did you ever the the movie The Pacifier?
What order should I watch these movies in?
There are less than 60 days until NFL season, are you excited?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
Who is your favorite musician?
Have you ever seen Lonesome Dove?
What kind of music are you in to?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
What's your favorite film with an alien in? And you can't say Alien.
Have you been listening to any good music lately?
Do you ever listen to music that's not from the United States or not in English?
Have you ever seen Kill Bill?
What was the last Disney movie you've seen.
Who's a better droid, BB8 or R2D2?
Did you check out that  "Brave" movie?
Did you like Nirvana?
Are you a fan of the Beatles?
What do you think of Iron Maiden?
Katy Perry really has been a chameleon, hasn't she?
Did you ever watch the movie Mulan?
Hey, did you see the new Disney movie Cars 3?
who is your favorite director?
Did you watch the first Cloverfield movie?
I wonder what ever happened to Don Bluth.
What song are you listening to?
Do you like dirty dancing?
What's your favorite movie?
Have you seen the newest Fast & Furious movie?
I saw Iron Man the other day.
What do you think of Taylor swift
Are you ready for some football?
I really love the suspense on those movies.
Do you like Hitchcock?
Have you been listening to Lady Gaga recently?
Can you believe that Harry Potter actually ended up with Ron's sister?
Do you like The Beatles?
Do you like the rapper NAS?
So, who is the best Batman of all time?
One of my favorite movies is The 40-Year Old Virgin.
Do you think the Celtics can beat the Lebron?
Yo
This album seems pretty good, despite it's instrumentals being mediocre.
Have you seen the GIF going around with the guy from Pocahontas?
What is your favorite comedy?
So what are your thoughts about LA this year?
Let's talk about music.
Did you see James Cameron may be redoing RoboCop?
Are you a fan of the Kings or the Ducks?
Hey, did you hear that there is a Harry Potter marathon this weekend?
Have you hard that new Iggy Azalea song?
What is your favorite music genre?
Whats up
Every time I eat stick pretzels, it makes me think about The Great Mouse Detective.
Were there many good films in the 70's?
Why did Finn turn on the stormtroopers in The Force Awakens?
Can you recommend me a movie please?
I am feeling wacky today.
You know who I find to be kind of a funny artist?
When do you think the NFL allows legal gambling?
Who's the best duo: Outkast or UGK?
Did you watch Set It Off last night?
Do you like movies
Have you seen the new Star Wars movie?
Lets talk about star wars
The sports bar in town is playing the big game tonight. Do you want to go?
What are you listening to Joaquim?
My favorite Christmas movie of all times is "Die Hard."
Have you ever played Ice Hockey before?
Pop music is one of the best genres to listen to, who is your favorite male artist?
You know, the first time Harry goes the the Weasleys' house in the Chamber of Secrets, it looks like he feels like he is probably home.
DID YOU SAW TASH COBBS LIVE SHOW ?
When did you start to like the Beatles? I was six.
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
What are they going to do about the Pro Bowl, man?
What is your favorite comedy movie?
Did the Spurs just gifted game 1 to the Warriors?
Hey quick question.
What type of music are you a fan of?
Whats the west looking like in the NBA?
If you could be any Disney character which character would you be?
This past year I wanted to prepare for the Oscars by watching as many of the nominated movies as I could.
Hey what is up
Who's your favorite character in the Fast & Furious?
So what kind of music do you like?
Do you have a favorite classical music composer?
So who is your favorite team in the NFL?
Do you remember the movie face off?
Do you know of any good music right now?
Have you heard of The Black Keys?
Do you like Lady Gaga's voice?
I saw Wonder Woman the other night with my boyfriend.
So when was THE first national combine, I wonder.
Have you heard of The Walls Group?
Do you love Barenaked Ladies?
Want to watch a comedy tonight?
Hey do you follow basketball at al?
Are you excited for the new Star Wars movie?
What are some of your favorite funny movies?
What rappers are you into?
hey  have you ever listened to rolling in the deep ?
When can kids sign up for football?
Growing up, I was a big comic fan, especially with Batman. My excitement was huge when I heard they were making a movie for the Killing Joke novel.
Name a female singer who put her heart, soul and guts into her music.
What is your favorite genre of movies?
What was your favorite Fast and the Furious movie?
Do you like country music?
Do you like Pink Floyd?
Is music a good topic to talk about?
Who is your favorite rapper from the past 5 years?
What are your thoughts on rap music?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Will Star Wars survive passed the 9th episode?
Are you a big fan of the Twins?
Hey, man what's your favorite Chuck Norris movie?
I think i am the odd one out
Hey, did you hear about Monday Night Football?
You know, with these NFL rule changes and protections, I think it's time to see more of the run-option in playbooks.
What's your favorite class in the Harry Potter movies?
Dude, I wish Arnold was still making action movies. Nobody had lines like him.
Did you catch the Mets game last night?
Man, Rogue One is such a messy Star Wars film.
So who's the worst team in the league?
Did you like the new Calvin Harris song called Slide?
What's your favorite type of music?
Do you like movie musicals?
One of my favorite rock bands is The Scorpions.
who do you think is the worst rapper of all time?
Brave was a good movie.
This is a super random question but what is your favorite TV theme song?
I love horror movies. Do you know of any on Netflix that we can watch?
What do you think about Memphis Bleek.
What type of music do you like?
Do you have a background in music?
Do you follow all the Star Wars movies?
Have you watched any good movies on Netflix lately?
I had a fun evening yesterday with my husband. He did the DJ for me.
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie yet?
Do you like the giants?
Have you heard that jam by Shawn Mendes?
Hi! Are you a wizards fan?
Do you like 'The Big Lebowski'?
What's your favorite Star Wars movie?
Who is the Spurs biggest star in this next series?
My favorite hip hop album of all time is Illmatic by Nas. What about you?
Did you know Cars 3 is out already?
Did you see that Wade is playing on the Bulls now?
Musically speaking, who do you think the most talented Beatle was?
Hey there.
Yea, well if Seattle isn't good. I wonder who that opens the door for.
Hi there.
Have you ever seen The Shining?
Have you seen the movie Mall Cop?
Have you heard any of Schoolboy Q's new music?
Are you planning on seeing the new Stephen King movie?
What do you think of the Pittsburgh Steelers chances this year?
Did you see that a new Cars movie is finally coming out?
Did you ever watch Captain America:Civil War?
I like harry potter and the prisoner of Azkaban
What is your favorite Indiana Jones movie?
How do you feel about disney movies?
Yo bro
I know you're a big fan of the Harry Potter books. What did you think of the final movies?
Have you seen the movie the three caballeros?
Did you know Baby Driver comes out this week?
Nowadays they seem to be coming out with marvelous movies for children.
Finding Nemo was funny and sad, I liked dory
Do you like the New York Jets?
Do you think Happy Gilmore is a sports movie?
Have you heard of that ridiculous thriller movie
What kind of music do you like?
Do you ever watch TCM?
Do you know a lot about basketball?
Did you ever watch the spiderman movies?
do you like one direction?
What's that new Pirates of the Caribbean movie called?
Do you like the Beatles?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I love Uncle Buck.
Do you like to comewith me to see new movie?
What is your opinion on metal?
Do you like Thriller Movies?
I love the actors in this movie.
Do you like the Dark Knight movies?
Do you like the Chainsmokers?
Did you like Rogue One?
Am I right in thinking that Mulan is the only Disney movie set in East Asia?
Who do you think the 76ers will draft in the upcoming NBA Draft?
Did you know that Bambi is coming out on Blu Ray?
As far as sports movies, I love Miracle the best.
Do you like kane brown
Hey buddy, want in our Fantasy League this year?
Have you seen the recent Fast and Furious movie yet?
So,what are you up to today?
Star Wars movies are much better now that Disney has taken over.
I haven't heard much of anything good on the radio these days.
Do you think the NFL cares about the safety of the players.
Have you seen Shawshank redemption?
What is your favorite movie genre?
Do you like Star Wars?
What was Nicholas Cage's best movie?
Who is your favorite character in the Jungle Book?
We're having a Fourth of July party this year.
Have you heard the song sign of the times?
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie?
Which Star Wars movie do you think had the best protagonist?
What Disney movie do you like?
Is Markelle Fultz that much better than everyone?
Have you seen any movies with Anne Hathaway?
Do you think Michael Jackson is the king of pop?
What's the most outrageous stunt featuring a car in the Fast & the Furious movies?
Hey
Did you like Interstellar
I saw Garth Brooks in concert the other day.
What kind of music do you like?
I've been thinking about NFL referees.
I would love to find an awesome scary movie to watch!
Are you still going to the concert?
What is your favorite Rocky movie?
Did you catch Step Brothers on TV last night?
Why are the Fast and Furious movies shown out of order?
So, is Psycho the first slasher movie?
I cannot wait for preseaon football to start!
Let's talk about music!
Do you think the jets will play.500 ball this year?
Pop music is so untalented
I've heard people say the Beatles were the soundtrack to their childhood. What's your thoughts about that
Have you finished the Harry Potter series yet?
So Marcie, uh, I was wondering. Would you like to go to the Sharks game with me?
My favorite 60s band was Paul Revere and the Raiders.
What are your thoughts on Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 and Part 2?
Hey, how do you feel about the upcoming season?
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
I was listening to a radio show the other day and they played an old song that I really liked.
Harrison Ford was awesome in Star Wars!
Back when I was an ESL teacher, I used to use clips from Disney movies to help the kids learn English.
Have you gotten to see Despicable Me 3 yet?
Have you seen Alien 3?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you heard BEEZ IN THE TRAP?
Do you like Nick Cave?
Tell me what your thoughts are about the new NFL Season.
What is your favorite Disturbed song
I saw Beauty and The Beast, how do you feel about it?
Have you seen the latest Star Wars movies?
how did you like rogue 1
Hey, did you see the new Robert Langdon movie? I rented it On Demand last night.
What is your favorite Disney film?
What do you think of Portugal the Man's new album?
Yea, Seattle is really going to have to play defense if they expect to win.
Hey, have you seen the Jungle Book?
The Avalanche Game last night was amazing.
Have you watched the whole harry potter series?
Who do you think has the best voice in pop music?
Do you like the movie Peter Pan?
Would you like to go out with me to see da Bears play?
Do you like any music from the 90's?
Johnny Cash is one of my favorite artists.
Did you here about the new Frozen movie?
Have you heard the soundtrack to Priscilla Queen of Desert?
Have you seen the movie Bridesmaids?
Are you going to get season tickets for the Bengals this year?
What hip hop artists do you miss hearing about?
I love the avengers
I really love Biance, have you heard any of her latest work?
Hey there.
Well, we are both old enough to have grown up with the Beatles.
You know Lemmy, from Motorhead, right?
I finally completed my goal of seeing every movie on the AFI top 100 list
Have you heard of any of the rappers on that XXL magazine?
I saw highlights from Superbowl II last night.
Hey, you ready for the next Marvel movie?
Please tell me you have seen the movie called Homeward Bound:The Incredible Journey.
If you could do one thing from Fast & Furious, what would it be?
Have you heard anything about the movie Mystic River?
I just saw The Shining.
Did you ever see The Jerk?
Have you heard Andy Black's new album?
What do you think of Darth Vadar?
I wonder if their are japanese superheros
My goodness, I cannot wait to see the Packers this season.
I saw a cute article about Kelly Clarkson the other day.
What do you think of Elvis?
If you will it, dude, it is no dream.
Do you remember the movie Men of Honor?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
i heard doctor dre sold beats.
Hello, so what of music do you like?
Have you heard about Top Gun 2?
Do you know what enlivens real name is?
Did you like Dumbo?
Are the Red Hot Chili Peppers ever going to not be cool?
You know who my favorite character is in Star Wars?
Were you ever a fan of The Cult?
have you ever seen Gone with the wind?
So, how do you feel about the '60s psychedelic rock scene?
I really loved Kesha's cover of  Zedd's True Colors.
Cowboys VS Rams opener.
Howdy. What's up?
Did yousee the reds ox game last night?
What do you think about the Mandela Effect  concerning Star Wars?
Wow, I just finished the Goblet of Fire movie, and some of the visuals were just insane.
The NFL is the best sport around!
What do you think is the strongest division in the NFL?
I think the Cubs are starting to get a little too confident.  They got shut out again today.
So when did you stay playing the bass?
So, something has been bothering me about Rey in the Force Awakens.
Do you like star wars
what genre in music do you think is most popular among young adults?
Lets talk about music
Hey, have you ever watched Toy Story?
You know who I didn't expect to see in Revenge of the Sith?  Chewy.
Hey man, what do you think of all these new rappers?
Have you ever heard of "Jim Sullivan?"
What's your favorite Studio Ghibli movie?
So what are your thoughts on Chris Brown?
Do you like Rock?
I'm in the mood for a comedy, something familiar, you know? maybe one with Bill Murray...
What was the greatest musical decade in the past 100 years, would you say?
have you seen the wizkid "come closer" video with drake?
What did you think of The Martian?
Do you think the Pittsburgh Steelers play dirty?
Did you go see Rogue One when it was in theaters?
So what is your favorite Tupac song of all time?
Hey, dude have you heard this song where Bieber was signing in spanish?
Have you ever seen The Mist?
Do you enjoy comedy movies?
What do you want to watch tonight?
What did you think of the Star Wars prequel trilogy? To me, it was disappointing
What is the most recent song you heard?
Did you watch America's Got Talent last year?  Specifically, Grace Vanderwall?
Who is your favorite catwoman in movies?
Hey man, what's up with Kaeparnick?
There's a lot of good songs to listen to.
Beyone had a bigger career than anything she did in Destinys Child.
They don't make comedy movies like they used to.
So what was your favorite Harry Potter movie?
I have a question about Peter Pan the movie.
Why do you like disney movies?
Are you a Marvel fan or DC?
What is your opinion on rap music?
Hey, we just saw a fun little movie the other night!
Did you get to see the Zookeepers Wife?
Do you like older movies?
Have you listened to the band City and Colour?
So what type of movies are you into?
Yea, I wouldn't bet on the Seahawks. They seem to be trending downwards.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
What do you think is the best movie in the Harry Potter series?
What happened during the NFL draft in April this year?
What do you think about pop songs?
Remember when we went to New York City to watch the Broadway production of "The Lion King"?
Is Noah Syndergaard the best pitcher in baseball?
Did you ever listen to that 1 album?
Have you ever seen Mad Max?
Are you ready for some football!?
You know I saw the Rolling Stones once.
I love aladdin
Can you tell me anything about the Beatles Hamburg,Germany experience?
Who do you think are the top 10 running backs of all time?
Do you consider the avengers an action movie?
Who do you think the greatest QB in NFL history is?
Have you seen Rogue One that came out a while ago?
I just read that Knile Davis is learning the playbook for this year. It's about time.
What is your favorite comedy of all time?
This is very different than what i expected
What movie do you think was awful?
Hey, do you ever listen to Jazz music? I just started to and I'm amazed I like it,
What's your favorite thriller movie?
Comedies are probably my favorite genre.
Did you see the Warriors Spurs game yesterday?
I need a good movie for myself and kids included
What did you think of the new Beauty and the Beast movie with Emma Watson?
Megan trainor is one of my favorite artists
What is your favorite music?
Do yo like the movie versions of books?
What did you think of the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings movies?
Did you enjoy Die Hard?
How many superhero movies have been made in the last 10 years?
Do you know much about Jazz music?
Have you seen all the Star Wars movies?
Are you going to watch the Spurs game on Monday?
Louis Tomlinson is releasing a new single apparently.
what do you think of taylor swift
Wonderwoman is doing really well in the Box Office
Do you follow Star Wars?
Wasn't Tom Hanks in Toy Story?
Are you watching the Stanley Cup playoffs?
Do you like Die Hard?
You know what was a good movie?  The Empire Strikes Back.
Come on
Hey what you think about the Saints this year?
So have you seen any good movies lately?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Do you listen to Atmosphere still?
Who do you think is the older NFL player?
Have you seen Babadook yet?
Hello
Frozen is one of the best Disney movies ever produced. The princesses actually solve the problem for themselves and it promotes sisterhood.
Who is your favorite character in all of the star wars movies
Have you seen the latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
Do you remember the part in The Little Mermaid when Sebastian is stuck in the kitchen with the French chef?
What are the Cavs doing?
What do you think of Whitney Houston?
Was Patrick Stuart in one of the superhero movies?
Name one of your favorite boy bands.
Do you think Jazz music could be used in a horror film?
So what did you think about that new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
My birthday was last week, and I was pleased to see that Wonder Woman is out and I got to see it that night on my birthday.
Did you "It Comes At Night"?
Did you hear latest tom cruise movie?
Hey, I need help finding a movie but I can't remember the title for the life of me.
So pumped for the NFL coming back.
Have you ever watched Lilo & Stitch?
Hey! Only 10 days until the NFL training camp starts!
Have you seen the 1960 movie called"Night of the Living Dead"?
What's some of the strangest music you've heard?
I can't believe they still make Transformers movies.
So which one do you think is the worst?
Let's rent a movie tonight.  Any ideas?
Thriller movies from 1987 I'm gonna tell you about the movie called the Step Father my pal get ready for this Thriller story..
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Who do you think is the best team in baseball?
Who's your favorite soul singer or band?
Do you like any particular instrumental guitar groups?
What team do the Saints play first this year?
Ariana Grande resumed her tour after briefly suspending it following the Manchester attacks, but it had to be scary going to her first gig back.
I would sure love to visit the Aquarium this summer.
What genre of music does Lady Gaga perform?
I know you said you were into rock, but does that include the Beatles?
Hi.
What is Lady Gaga's natural hair color.
Hey do you know the song Let Her Go?
Man i think the star wars movies suffered
Less than one month until some sort of football begins
hey man, have you seen pirates of the Caribbean?
Light Saber or Blaster?
What kinds of movies do you like?
Who do the Bills play the first week of the season?
I'm trying to think of great music from the 90's.
I just found out that the creator of Star Wars, George Lucas, is worth over 5 billion dollars.
Do you remember Lake Placid?
Have you seen the latest X-Men movie?
Who do you think is the greatest rapper?
Can you believe the preseason is only a month away?
Megan and I were talking the other day, and we were trying to come up with a list of the best Weird Al songs.
Hey
Do you like action movies?
Do you believe it's been fifty years since Sgt Pepper
What do you think about Lady Gaga's new album?!
I just saw Marry Poppins.
Hey what are you up to today?
The AFC has a great Division this year
What do you think of the new Star Wars Trailer for the Last Jedi?
Can you imagine "The Omen" was forty-one years ago? It's still on the best horror lists.
Did you see Pete's Dragon?
Did you listen to Eminem when you were younger.
What kind of music do you like listening to?
so who is your favorite QB?
Let's talk about wide receivers for awhile.  I throw a name out there and you tell me what you think.
Dunno how it will turn out, but I got a feeling it'll go pretty good.
What's your favorite type of music?
When did you start liking Lady Gaga?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Hey man
What was the best of the modern Disney films?
Do you remember the New York Giants Super Bowl run?
You know there is not one song on the American top 40 that I would buy right now or even listen to again.
I see Netflix has added a couple of the Nightmare on Elm Street movies.
have you heard  leaked song of weekend tittled "starboy" don't sound nice though.
Hey, are you much of a Star Wars fan?
What do you think of Sandra Bullock.
Have you seen that animation "Storks"?
Did you know that Darth Plagueis The Wise was actually still alive during the Phantom Menace era?
A friend of mine wants me to find a really horror movie that's in black and white. Something from the old days.
You see that twins game last night?
Have I told you recently how much I love Lady Gaga?
What does the Jets schedule look like?
You know what is sad
Hi there.
Lets talk Michael Jackson
What was your favorite Disney animated movie, growing up as a kid.
Did you ever go to an NFL gsme?
What do you think of Poets of the Fall?
I want o have a family movie night this weekend
What did Kim Kardashinan wear yesterday?
What do you think is Ellen Page's best performance?
I'm wanting to make a new CD to listen to in my car, want to help?
Do you believe that Han Solo shot first?
Will music change their business model?
I went to the club the other night and guess what song came on?
Hi
Have you seen the Star Wars movies?
If you could see any band that isn't around anymore, who would you see?
What's your favorite movie?
What's your favorite action movie that is based on a television show?
Do you think Andrew Luck will be prepared for the upcoming season.
I wish each state had an NFL team.
Do you prefer the original trilogy or the prequel movies?
Lets talk about horror movies
Look at him pitch. That's amazing.
Abbey road is the last album where all 4 beatles were part of the recording.
Hey, looking forward to the NFL season starting?
Have you seen the movie the Fox and the Hound?
What do you think of Pod Racing?
So how do you think the indians will make it to the series again this year?
What is the Sixth Sense about?
Did you hear the latest Katy Perry single?
We just rewatched the movie Fargo last night. Did you ever see it?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's music?
Who is your favorite rapper from New York?
Do you like movies?
Have you seen the James Bond Movie Spectre?
Top ten favorite songs of all time what are they?
What kind of music do you like?
My boyfriend and I watched Pride and Prejudice last night.
Who's your favorite band of all time?
Steven Spielberg has written a lot of great thrillers.
Who is your favorite singer?
What is that brand you are wearing.
What do you think will happen in episode eight?
Hey, you know what I like? Baseball!
Were you ever into the Halloween movies?
Who are the most famous players in the NFL from the University of Michigan?
You know who is a great singer?
Did you ever see Disney's version of Pinocchio?
Hey do you ever listen to Norah Jones?
Do you like the band Soundgarden?
did you ever hear about the deflating scandal?
Who do you think is the best dressed actor in Hollwood?
Who is your favorite Fast and Furious character?
What do you think of the cold shoulder trend?
User 1: Do you like to watch the Frozen movie?
Do you get excited about watching NFL games on TV?
What is one of your all time thrillers?
Did you like the Alien series?
Ever scene the original Alien?
Do you know if they are making another Anchorman?
Are you excited to see the new Marvel movie?
What do you think of Madonna?
Have you seen Jennifers body?
Hey.  Do you want to go see the Race to Witch Mountain with me?
Who do you think will win the NFC North this year?
It is hard to choose a favorite action movie or actor.   Which ones do you like?
What's the funniest line from any of the Star Wars movies?
Maybe you should look them up first
Dis you know that Mel Gibson was in Pocahontas?
You know I wasn't much of a NFL football league fan until I got in the office pool.
Hey, are you excited for the new transformers movie?
Who is your favorite actor in star wars?
I just watched Memento for the first time.
Hey, do you want to go and see that wimpy kid movie with me?
Do you like Wes Anderson movies?
What movie do you think had the best plot ever?
I just don't know what to think about the Fast and The Furious films now?
Do you think the Broncos will be able to compete again this year?
I heard there  will be another "Frozen" movie.
Do you watch football?
Have you ever seen the movie Unfriended?
Have you listened to much Shakira?
What did you think about Moana?
When I was young my parents always took us to the drive-in movie theater when the Disney movies were playing.
I really enjoy this new song I've been hearing on the radio.
the eagles fell apart last season.
Who gave the best performance in The Usual suspects?
Wasn't there going to be a Lion King sequel?
What do you think on Miranda Lambert.
Hey what is going on with you today?
Have you seen the new Cars movie yet?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Why do The Rolling Stones keep making music?
Do you like hilary duff?
The Beatles have 23 songs in Rolling stone's top 500 songs of all time.
Do you ever think Disney will ever make a new Aladdin movie?
Omg, have you seen the poster for the upcoming movie, Cars 3?
What movie did you take the kids to see last weekend?
What did you think of the Twilight series?
did you see resurrection?
what do you think of EXO?
Is music a good topic?
Have you seen Big Daddy?
Do you like movies based on books?
Do you want to rent a movie tonight?
I love early 90s techno music.
since you like sports movies, i'm wondering if you have ever seen "brian's song"
Have you listened to the Chili Pepper's last album?
So,you don't think the Beatles were four lovable lads from Liverpool?
What do you think about solo instrument music?
Do you like the Bears?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Isn't Bambi a sad movie?
Do you remember the band Westlife?
Who is your favorite character from Star War?
What would you say is your favorite rock band?
I have never seen a truly scary movie.
Ugh, I hate all the hype about Star Wars.
Have you ever listened to City and Colour?
Which of the incoming rookie quarterbacks do you think will have the best season in 2017?
You're about 25 years old right?
Hey do you like football?
My first record purchase was a single of Let It Be
Lets talk about music
Did you hear about Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell?
Do you think 'The Dark Knight' was the best Batman movie?
My daughter loves justin bieber
Do you like sci-fi movies?
Whats that movie with the boy who makes the rockets?
Hey man, you like Lady Gaga?
It's almost time for football to start training camps again.
In all the Star Wars movies, who is your favorite character?
Have you seen the Prestige?
Dang, rock seems to be dead today!
So, Kylo Ren and the Knights of Ren are Siths, right?
I am putting together a mix tape for my grandma, would you help me pick out some songs?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Do you listen to Nickelback?
Do you like Jabba the Hutt?
I wonder what Disney movies will be released on dvd this year?
Do you remember Bon Jovi?
What do you think about the band KISS?
Do you have a fovorite Disney movie from the Disney Renaissance?
Hey, what is your favorite Thriller movie?
What movie should win best film?
Hey, do you like Maroon 5?
What are you thoughts on musicals?
Do you like Lifetime movies?
I can never get to the movines.
What types of movies do you like?
I agree, the songs became very catchy!
Did you know they are remaking Beauty and the Beast with real people?
Billy Joel is probably one of the best musicians of our lifetime.
Do you remember the first time you saw the Beatles?
So what have you been up to this evening?
It's a really intersting story which is structured like a book with about 5 chapters.
What's your favorite comedy movie?
Have you seen the movie Orphan?
I never understood why Anakin got so upset.
Do you like action movies?
What do you think about the new football rules.
Did you see that movie Big Hero 6?
Do you know about the band Rage Against the Machine?
What can we expect from the 2017 NFL season?
What are you listening to?
Hey little girl!
okay so who is your favorite pop artist?
Do you remember the movie "The Sword in the Stone"?
If you had to pick a thriller film that set the bar for all future thriller movies, which movie would you chose?
I am still amazed by Superbowl LI.
I like older, classic Disney films. Do you?
Let's talk about the NFL.
Have you watched the latest Fast and Furious?
Can you name the best thriller ever made?
Hey I just saw the NFL draft a few weeks ago. You ready for the season?
Have you seen that one movie Disney made called BFG?
What do you think of the trend towards bell bottoms?
What do you think about this leggings craze?
i wonder if they will ever make a movie in the series with a different theme
Do you know of any new rules or changes for the upcoming NFL season?
What's your favorite Jay-Z Album?
I just heard that the Foo Fighters are touring again.
You know what is a shame
What you you think about Pink?
Have you seen the Star Wars movies?
Do you like Stallone movies?
What do you think about the Patriots winning the Super Bowl last year?
Do you consider the Blair Witch Project a horror movie?
What is your all time favorite Disney movie?
what do you think of paramore
I need a good horror movie to watch.
I recently saw Moana.
I need some non stop thriller movies
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
What kind of music do you listen to?
What is the last movie that you saw?
You wanna go to the movies?
Hey what do you think about Kanye West's song Famous?
Do you have any heavy metal or hard rock music you think is best to listen to?
Have you seen the new Alien movie
Do you like the Beatles?
Do you like horror movies?
Have you ever notice hour slippery a new baseball is?
Do you think Han Solo would be a fan of his solo movie?
I just saw Frozen.
I wonder if the Redskins and Kirk Cousins will agree on a long-term deal.
I wonder why the Beatles got so popular
What do you think about all the NFL players.
Do you watch horror movies
Hello
To me, the best Star Wars is the first one.
Did you see the new jewelry I made?
Do you know Taylor Swift's first number one song?
Hey have you seen anything about that new movie "47 Meters Down"?
What are your favorite bands from the early 2000's?
What did you think about Mississippi Grind?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Have you been to the movies lately?
Do you like the Fast & Furious movies?
Who was the best dressed at the Met Gala this year?
Hey, have you heard anything from Toad the Wet Sprocket lately?
Who do you think is the greatest quarterback in Philadelphia Eagles history?
Do you like Godzilla movies?
Did you know Shania Twain has a new song?
What you think of Nickleback
Have you been listening to any Lady Gaga recently?
So who for you is the most disappointing QB ever?
What's your favorite Britney Spears album?
What do you think about Pete Rose?
Have you ever seen the Blair Witch Project?
I wonder what it would be like in them movies if they did not use light sabers
Are you watching the Toronto Blue Jays and the Seattle Mariners right now?
Did you ever see Cabin in the Woods?
You know what else is weird?
I am simply dying to see these receivers get on the field for some football.
When does the NFL  season start for 2017?
Did you like any of Patrick Swayzes action films?
Any good sports films come out lately?
Did you listen to Emo music as a kid?
Can we go somewhere
What's your favorite kind of music?
Oh man, I've been listening to this Frank Ocean album all day. Its really great, thank you.
Have you heard Bon Iver's new album, 22, A Million?
Yo what is good
What is the best music genre?
A New Hope or Empire Strikes Back?
hey are you excited for the new season?
Did you ever listen to The Doors music?
Did you see Moana is on netflix?
So I found out an interesting fact about Lady Gaga.
What album is "Penny Lane" on?
I thought that The Last Boy Scout was an underrated action flick.
I have a few questions for you.
Do you enjoy musicals?
Are you ready for some football?
What did you think about that new Sampha album?
Hey! I just got back from seeing Guardians of the Galaxy Vol 2.
Hey did you see the titanic 2 movie trailer?
I liked the new star wars movie. How about you?
You know what movie that I saw recently? The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai.
Lets talk about movies
What did you think of Qui Con Jin?
You wanna hit the club tonight?
What do you think of A Nightmare On Elm Street.
Do you listen to Gorillaz?
You stoked to see how the Cowboys will do this year without Romo?
My son is very into Beauty and the beast.
Do you like Colin Kaepernick?
Do you like Kelsea Ballerini?
Hi.
So, what do you think about pop music?
Nice weather we're having, huh?
Do you like football?
Hey did you see any of the pregame stuff yet?
Do you like musicals?
I love the way the Eagles could harmonize.
Hello.
We watched Bambi last night for the first time with my six year old niece.
What do you think about Lady Gaga's songs?
I can't believe the new immigration policy
got a favorite gaga album?
I heard you're into football. Who's your favorite team?
What do you think of Areosmith?
Have you heard Raelynn's new album?
Alice in Wonderland was such a strange movie.
Hey, let's go to a baseball game. It's supposed to be a nice day.
So what did you think?
Have you seen the old movie Psycho?
What do you think of Han Solo?
hi danny, you've seen reviews for tom cruise "the mummy" franchised.
Do you listen to Taylor Swift?
What's your thoughts on the old thriller When A Stranger Calls?
ARE YOU AN NFL FAN?
Have you seen the movie "John Carter"?
Have you seen Django Unchained?
What do you think of the Raiders moving to Las Vegas?
Do you like madonna
What do you think Gonk is going to do this year.
Wow Indidnt think I'd like this fight club movie
I don't know, ultimately I really don't think the prequels were necessary.
Are you excited about any new romance movies this year?
it's a crying shame that carr broke his leg last season.
What movie do you like better?
What do you think about Tegan and Sara?
I see Gaga has a top 40 song.
Who is a great action hero?
How do you feel about the Beatles?
Wow, I just watched Tarzan. What a great movie!
So if someone who never saw Star Wars was going to watch the entire series, how should they start watching it?
Do you remember the Disney movie The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr Toad.
How do you usually listen to your music?
What do you think the best movie lastyear was?
Do you know what's going to happen to Brock Osweiler?
Hey man, I heard some throw back jams last night. Had me in my element.
Who is the greatest Sith? Other than Vader, that's too easy.
I just thought of another cover I really like.
Have you seen the departed?
I took the kids to see Cars 3 the other day?
I see To Kill a Mockingbird is in your Netflix queue.
Hey are you ready for another round of "The Worst MOvie Ever"?
Back in the days, when the music recording wasn't widely, people had to learn the music by playing it or singing it.
Did you hear the song by Future called Mask Off?
What's your favorite superhero movie man?
Have you heard of Prophets of Rage?
When is the draft?
Have you seen that Disney movie Beauty and the Beast?
DO you think their will be another better wolverine
I really liked Twenty One Pilots music do you know who they are?
Are you a Michael Jackson fan?
The Bulls organization seems really lost
What did you think of Moana?
Have you seen any decent concerts lately
do you know any funny family movies?
I am looking for a good movie series
Do you like any of Tupac's movies ?
Do you like Johnny Cash?
Did you see the new Gaurdians of the Galaxy?
I was thinking about going to the cinema. Do you know if there are any good films playing?
Hey Billy how about the Bears
Hey what kind of music do you listen to.
What is with all the killer moons in Star Wars?
I saw The Professional last night.
Did you see game seven of the Penguins versus the Capitals?
Did you enjoy Moana?
Why do you think that the Star Wars movies were such a success?
Hey, when's the NFL season start?
Wall-E was a pretty underrated movie.
It seems as if the last NFL season just flew by. Don't you think?
Do you like action movies?
Do,you think there will be any surprises in the NFL this year?
So let's play a game. Best pop male vocalist right now, go!
Me and my sister were arguing the other day about what was the best Disney movie ever.
Did you listen to Death Cab for Cutie's last album?
Hey, when does the football season start?
got a favorite nirvana album?
I heard Mulan was getting remade into a Live Action movie.
Who's your favorite Potter charachter?
So you're a basketball fan, right?
I want to watch something funny!
Did you see the new Baywatch movie?
Is Silence of the Lambs thrilling?
What kind of music have you been listening to lately?
Do you like disneys classic beauty and the beast?
Hey, did you see the new Guardians of the Galaxy yet?
Did you see that there is going to be a Film Noir filmfest in September?
Did you like Ed Sheeran's last album?
What was the best gun battle you've seen in a movie?
What is probably the worst movie you have ever seen?
What movie are you most excited to see this summer?
When was Madonna's album Ray of Light produced?
Did you like Iron Man 3?
What was your favorite Disney movie growing up?
You like Harry Potter, right?
Have you seen Moana?
Hey i got a question for you
Whats your favorite action movie?
You are too young to remember the Beatles, but they are one of the greatest musicians/song writers of the modern world.
What is your least favorite Disney movie?
I heard baseball is trying to speed up their games.
What was your favorite System of a Down song?
So give me your favorite NFL memory.
Have you seen Central Intelligence yet?
Have you heard about the new movie Coco that's coming out soon?
Is the NFL going to have a game or two in England again this year?
Nirvana is the most overrated band ever.
So have you heard any good dance music lately?
Did you see Snatched yet?
Remember all those punk rock and alternative type bands from the 90s and early 2000s?
Have you heard Imagine Dragon's new song yet?
How many more Star Wars movies do you think they will make?
Whats your favorite disney animated movie?
Is there any genre of music you simply don't understand?
When was the last time we got something from Kim?
Who is your favorite star wars character?
Lightsaber or blaster, what would you choose?
What are you up to this weekend?
Did you watch the game last night?
9 weeks until the season starts.  I'm ready--Sunday tailgates here I come!
What did you think about last year's Super Bowl?
Yesterday I watched Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince!
Do you like girl bands in pop music?
Hey, I like this song your playing.  What is it?
So are you excited for this year's fantasy football season?
Do you think Captain America: Civil War succeeded as a Captain America movie?
I am into so much music these days I think it is all coming out my ears.
Have you seen Episode VII yet?
what types of music do you like to listen to?
Do you remember that movie with Eliza Dushku in it about 15 years ago?
What do you think of john C reilly
Did the 20's have any good films?
I'm trying to make a workout playlist. Can you help me add some songs?
Did you even like ICP when they were huge?
So, who's your favorite football team?
I'm really looking forward to the new Dark Tower movie.
Good Morning.
Man this movie has got my attention
Rock music is so weak today.
Did you enjoy Perks of Being a Wallflower more then the Spectacular Now?
What do you prefer: brass quintet, woodwind quintet, vocal quartet, or string quartet?
did you hear the  bew trvis scott song
Who is your least favorite actor?
What's your favorite absolutely terrible movie?
What movie did you watch last night?
So, do you listen to any Japanese metal?
there is this song i can't get out of my head
Has the NFL ever had any competition?
Iron Man. The some of the major abilities he has will never actually be possible.
Do you play any musical instruments?
Do you know what one of my favorite scenes was from all of the Star Wars movies was?
Had you ever seen Napoleon Dynamite?
Have you seen Black Coat's Daughter?
The spaceships always seemed a little funny to me in Star Wars.
Do you believe Barry Bonds will ever get inducted in the HOF?
Did you ever watch the film called Get Out?
Go Browns!
What pop artist would love to spend the day with?
I swear Tool is the best band ever.
What type of movie do you like most.
So what is your favorite Del album?
Did you like The Force Awakens?
Have you ever heard of Devin Townsend?
Did you have a favorite Disney movie growing up?
So, are there any other rap groups/songs you like?
Have you seen the new Jason Bourne movie?
Do you remember Toy Story?
What do you think of playing music to your baby in your belly?
Who is your favorite singer of all time?
Who do you think is the best Quarterback of all time?
Do you lile that Dollhouse song?
Have you seen the Harry Potter series?
Do you know when Avengers Infitiny War is coming to the theaters?
Do you like hockey?
Do you thing Disney will make a live version of another movie?
Want to go a game this year?
Hey do you like music
Did you go to see the remake of Disney's Beauty and the Beast in the theatre?
Do you remember the Miley Cyrus movie?
Who's you're favorite Star Wars character?
Do you want to go see a movie with me?
Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
Have you seen Fast & Furious 6?
You've seen The Hunger Games trilogy, right? Do you know that the idea was ripped off from a Japanese movie?
I don't understand the hate for Iron Man 3.
Hey, which team is your favorite NFL team?
How do you feel about Anna Kendrick?
I finally got a chance to watch Oculus!
Do you listen to the Beatles ever?
What was the last Harry Potter movie you saw?
Do you think Will Smith is a good singer?
What's your favorite genre of music?
Who was your favorite character in Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice movie?
This new Chevelle album is really rocking out.
Can't believe it's football time.
Hey.
I love rap music!
Have you seen the Harry Potter moves yet?
Do you like the Beatles?
Did you know that Madonna is called the Queen of Pop?
Do you think Tom Brady is a better quarterback now then Joe Montana was?
What's up with Adele? She hasn't been out in public lately has she?
Which NFL player really defied expectations last year?
I saw a good horror movie last week.  It was about a guy who wanted to know if there is an afterlife.
I saw The Fast and the Furious movie.  The first one.
So what do you think of the Marvel Cinematic Universe so far?
Toy Story 1, 2, or 3?
Who was the best Batman?
So, I checked out the postmodern Jukebox like you told me to.
Here's a story of a man named Brady.....
What do you think of John mellencamp?
What band changed your life?
Were the Ramones and The Clash big at your school?
What is your third favorite Disney movie?
I want to take my Dad to see the Browns this year.
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE BAND BREAKING BENJAMIN?
Is Future the best rapper around right now.
Did you hear there's going to be a Boba Fett movie?
Afternoon.
I can't believe I watched that stupid movie Passengers.
Is The Jungle Book scary?
And how he develops the dual blade light saber.
Do you like Josh Groban?
Les talk about music
Do you remember Super Bowl XIX?
Which Deathly Hallows do you think was better?  The first or second.
I bought the new Katy Perry album.
What is your favorite NHL team?
Who is your favorite rock band?
Did you see Beauty and the Beast
I hate action movies with drama
What is your favorite side
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you seen the new Transformers movie?
What do you think of the Cleveland Browns in the NFL?
I have been trying to get more into music.
What do you think would be the top as far as romance movies goes.
Do you like Tarantino movies?
I saw he Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift.
What's going on with rap music these days?
What would you say is your favorite sci-fi movie?
The Milwaukee bucks are a team on the rise
Have you seen Moana?
Star Wars has created so much memorable things in pop culture.
Can we talk about Will smith as deadshot in suicide squad?
What ever happened to Britney Spears?
I can't believe these NBA playoffs.
Do you know if they are going to make another Peter Pan movie?
Do you watch star wars?
Man pop music is so bad
What is the best Marvel movie?
Did you hear about that new movie, "The Book of Henry?"
I have gotten really into like period piece thrillers.
Can you help me answer some questions for a music project?
Have you seen the second guardians of the galaxy?
Do you think Rogue one is a good film?
Hey, what do you think of all these super hero movies lately?
Have you ever seen Fly Away Home?
Did you hear about Keenan Low?
ok lets list the best songs ever
How many animated Disney movies are there?
What should I rent tonight?
Do you like disney movies
Yo
did you watch pulp fiction
Were you a fan of Peter Pan?
So are they making a movie based on the new book
Are you a Sylvester Stallone fan?
Did you see that new comedy Fist Fight?
Do you think the Beatles are overrated?
When you were younger what was your favorite Disney movie?
Have you seen Moana?
I just ordered a full box hits of Prince on amazon
Do you think the NBA should do away with a salary cap?
What's your favorite Marvel movie?
Have you seen the sequel to Alice in Wonderland?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you like war movies?
I'm worried about the future of the NFL.
I know you like Marvel movies, right?
Do you have any idea what Biggie Smalls real name was?
What movie has lots of action?
What are some of your favorite psychological thrillers?
Have you ever seen the extended version of the Lord of the Rings trilogy.
Hey, who won Super Bowl IV?
Did you ever see Animal House?
Which Beatle do you think had the best solo career.
Man I hope that the Houston Rockets play better in the playoffs next year
I love Disney movies so much!
I'm looking for some new singer-songwriter types  to listen to, but they don't have to necessarily be recent.
Have you been paying attention to the NBA finals this year?
I watched Pulp Fiction for the first time today.
You know, ever since Disney took over Star Wars, they've been doing a lot with it.
You've seen Harry Potter right?
I just saw Lucy last night.
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Are you an NFL fan?
Have you seen Waiting?
I just introduce the wife to the Big Lebowski.
I'd do jazz for my wedding.
Have you heard about the movie Gigantic?
I wish there was more rap groups these days.
Do you like rock and roll music?
Want to hear something crazy?
Do you think the Rolling Stones will come to our area for a concert anytime soon?
I don't like much pop but there were some artists I really liked when I listened to the radio the other day.
You psyched about this coming NFL season?
What's your least favorite quote in the Star Wars movieverse?
Hey, man, did you see the Yankees game last night?
Do you have a favorite Harrison Ford movie.
You hear?
What is your all time favorite comedy? Like the one you want to watch over and over?
Do you think Derrick Rose will ever be the player he was suppose to be?
Who do you think was the best female pop star.
Who do you got for the Super Bowl this year?
What do you like about superhero movies?
Do you like The Used?
I am so excited to see what they will do with the new Avengers.
Have you seen the movie Moana?
Have you heard the band Parquet Courts?
Did you hear that Chris Cornell died?
Do you like Wu Tang Clan?
High School Musical, ever seen it?
Have you ever listened to Incubus.
What's your favourite movie?
Who do you think is the best running back ever?
What kind of music are you in to?
don't you agree that hip hop music is the most popular music played at bars, next to dance music
Hey
Hey you like Star Wars, right? Who is your favorite character?
Who do you think is the greatest of all time in basketball?
Have you seen The Princess Bride?
do you like michael jackson
Who is your favorite female singer?
HEy what do you think about the San Diego Chargers this year?
Do you like the Captain America movies?
I really dislike pop music
what is the worst cover to you?
I think they did great making Harry Potter into movies.
Are you ready for some football?!
I think a lot of football players have some really cool nicknames.
What's your favorite Star Wars movie?
How many Taken movies were there?
Did you think Pete Rose should be banned from the Hall of Fame?
Where in the Star Wars universe would you want to live?
How did you like Frozen?
Do you like that coffee house style music?
whta time does the too short concert start?
I wonder what Moby has been up to lately.
Do you ever listen to rock music?
What kind of music do you like?
Have you seen any movies that portray the Jane Austen books?
I'm glad Harry and Ginny got together at the end.
How did country music become pop music?
Hey Mike, Did you see the game between the Chicago Blackhawks and the New York Rangers?
What is your favorite action movie?
What do you think of radio music?
Are you going to watch the NFL opening game?
Did you know Luke Skywalker is the bad guy in Star Wars?
do you like star wars?
Have you seen Batman vs Superman?
Did you like those Jurassic Park movies?
Hey Man did you see that new Tupac Movie yet?
Hey are you watching the Broncos game tomorrow?
Have you ever been let down by a concert?
Whagt did you think about Coldplay's last album?
Hi how are you?
No Country for Old Men was a weird movie.
Did you see fox sports over under predictions for NFL teams this year?
What type of music to you like best?
What do you like to listen on XM radio.
How awesome was it when the cars were dropped out of the plane in Furious7?
I watched this funny video the other day to raise autism awareness, and it had Adam Sandler and Bob Barker in it, so funny!
What is your favorite movie of all time?
I am so sick of Lebron.
Did you ever see the new Beauty and the Beast live action film.
what do you think is the best movie soundtrack?
Do you like melanie martinez?
Did you hear about the game between the Celtics and the Wizards?
Hey, do you like comedy movies?
I like the buffalo bills
You know, I don't get the whole Ron and Hermione thing.
What is your favorite line in the Beatle's song "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds?"
What Lady gaga song speaks to you the most.
What movies do your kids watch?
Did you see Knocked Up?
So, how was work today?
What do you think of Nine Inch Nails?
Which team did Larry Bird play for?
Have you seen the original Avengers?
Whats your favorite Bill Murray movie?
Hey, are you a Beatles fan?
So are you going to watch the Harry Potter weekend marathon?
Are you going to see any concerts anytime soon?
Do you know when Lady Gaga was born?
What is your favorite Action movie?
You know what i find funny
I can't wait to see how Jamal Adams does on the Jets
What is your favorite kind of music?
Which Rocky movie is the best, in your opinion?
What does Paul Walker play in the first movie?
What is the worst movie you've seen
Do you remember "Clue"?
Do you have a favorite actor?
What was the best Star Wars movie.
Do you like any of the movies that were made from Stephen Kings books?
Every single time I see a deer, I think of Bambi.
Who do you think has the worst personality in the NFL?
What song are you completely embarrassed to love?
Have you seen BEAUTY AND THE BEAT?
I re-watched the first Harry Potter movie today!
So the Pittsburgh Penguins won the series over the Washington Capitals?
Have you seen the new Mummy movies?
I have recently started to work out and I am making a music playlist.
Have you been following Christian Hackenberg since he's gone to the NFL?
how is the new linkin park album?
One of my favorite groups of all time are The Beatles.
Do you know any movies that will help my kids understand mental health better?
What is the best part about The Empire Strikes Back?
I know Disney is known for its happy themes, but there are surprisingly disturbing moments.
Have you watched any good scary movies lately?
So what is your favorite band?
What type of music do you listen to?
Did you see the trailer for 'The Foreigner?'
Have you watched anything good recently?
Have you seen Lynyrd Skynyrd?
Did you watch Boyhood?
What's your favorite Thriller movie of all time?
I just watched the movie Rush this past weekend.
Yo, Johnny, you gonna watch Coco?
My mom just bought me the Little Mermaid on DVD.
Do you want to know why I love music so much?
What do you think of today's rock music?
Adele finished the last show on her tour, and said she may neer tour again.
Do you want to watch the Little Mermaid?
How do you feel about classic rock?
also you should check out justin timberlake new single
Do you like foreign thriller movies?
I am so bored right now
What do you think of Peyton Manning?
Hey bro
Have you heard of any good movies coming up?
What do you think of Three Days Grace?
What is Denzel Washington's greatest movie role, would you say?
Do you create a lot of music playlists on your iPhone?
DId you see that PBS special on the Beatles recordings that was on recently?
Will Skywalker be a big part in Episode VIII
When did the Steelers begin their dominance in the NFL
What is your favorite old school Disney film?
If you could only listen to one Lady Gaga song for the rest of time, what would it be?
Do you still buy movies on DVD?
I think the Browns are going to turn it around this year!
Hey have you ever seen The Talented Mr. Ripley?
Do you like scary movies?
What's your favorite NFL team?
So which do you think was sadder, The Lion King or Bambi?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Do you think anyone can beat the Patriots this season?
I see "Cars 3" is now in theaters.
where can i find some beatles clothing and cd's
Titans are stacking up on their receiving corp.
Have you seen tge original Star Ward trilogy?
I went out for ice cream last night
I was going through old VHS movies and found so many Disney movies.
It's interesting how iconic a song can be, if heard in the right context; you always think back to the first time you heard it.
Do you ever listen to classic rock?
Do you like Diana Ross?
Man, i'm excited about the new Wonder Woman movie.
What rock band is the moat heavy?
Their super old stuff was bad though
Let's talk about the NFL.
Did you ever listen to Good Charlotte?
Did you like The Hangover?
Did you go and see the new live action adaptation of Beauty and the Beast?
What are your thoughts on the AFC South?
I'm going to the Studio today.
Did you like disney's cinderella?
What is your favoirtie Disney movie?  Mine is The Lion King.
You like Zeppelin?
Wow, cool Jets shirt, you don't see many of those around here Eagles country.
I miss old R&B.
Did you know that Auli'i Cravalho casted as Moana.
Did you see that contract that Derek Carr signed?
Did you see the Beauty and the Beast film with Emma Watson?
Did you see the game between the Astros and the Yankees?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
How do you feel about the Star Wars: Episode IV – A New Hope movie?
So, which division is driven by the best quarterbacks?
I saw Girl on a Train.
Do you ever like spoof movies?
What is the best super hero movie in your opinion?
Which Fast and the Furious did you think had the best car chases or races?
I'm such a big fan of J. Cole.
I just love music.
So what kind of music do you listen to?
Hey girl you know Wonder Woman is playing at the Highland theater, Do you want to go?
Hey, have you ever listened to any electro-pop?
Did you know that Alice Cooper is coming out with a new album next month?
Hey, have you ever seen the movie Dumb and Dumber?
Did you see the Capitals got knocked out of the playoffs last night?
When you pick a team to root for, is it based on whether or not you think they can win?
I can start to feel the excitement for the upcoming season
Will we ever see a hitter hit 400 in a season?
What's your favorite horror movie?
Who is your favorite character from the prequal trilogy?
Morning.
Wow what a day. I need to take a break and listen to some music and unwind
Who is more evil? Kylo Ren or Darth Vader?
Do you like The Rolling Stones music?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XXVIII.
Have you ever listened to Liv Kristine?
So what do you think about Lady Gaga in general?
Hey, have you seen this movie City of God?
Have you heard the new Jon Pardi song?
What is the best rock song ever recorded?
What do you think about Las Vegas getting an NFL team?
Hey, where did you get those shoes from?
Hey, guess what?
I watched Bulldog Drummond's Bride last night. Ever see it?
What do you think of Lady Gaga?
Have you heard about the movie "Get Out"?
What was your favorite Beatles album?
Hi.
Who was the best dressed in the MTV Movie Awards this year?
What is the worst song you have ever heard?
Let's talk about music and movies.
I can't believe the Marlins are still so bad this year.
What's your favorite planet in the Star Wars universe?
So, who is the greatest quarterback of all time?
Which do you like better, the Monkees as a TV show or the Monkees as a musical group?
Hey what is your favorite Beatles song?
Marshawn Lynch is back, though!
Of all the Disney films, which has the best songs?
I watched this movie called Train to Busan recently and thought it was so good!
One thing I will never forget in my lifetime is the night in 2004 when the Boston Red Sox won the world series. I remember waking up at 3-4AM and literally pinching myself and asking if that really happened.
You know who would make really cool jedi knights?
What is the best Superman movie of all time.
What is your favorite all time sub-genre of rap?
Afternoon.
What's your favorite kind of music?
Do you want to talk about movies
I got an extra ticket to see Iron Maiden this weekend. Do you wanna go?
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
Any good action movies you can suggest for us?
What do you think the greatest Beatles song of all time is?
What's your favourite Disney movie?
DO you like the NFL?
Hey.
Hey, you know who I've been listening to lately?
Did you ever see the Disney movie Mulan?
What do you think of the band One Direction?
How do you think the Browns are going to do this season?
My daughter's 4th birthday is coming up and she wants a Disney princess party.
Have you seen Iron Man?
Did anyone really think Luke was a little short to be a stormtrooper?
What is you favorite Morgan Freeman film?
I realize that I don't really 'get' punk music.
What do you think was the best move this off season?
This is sort of weird
Hey have you seen any good movies lately/ Im tryimg to go see something this weekend?
I am listening the last album of the Red Hot Chili Peppers
Hey! I'm really keen to see a thriller movie this week. Is anything playing that you'd recommend?
Did you catch the practice footage for the upcoming game?
You know how I love X-Men movies, I just caught, Logan, last night and loved it.
What was the best casting done on STAR WARS?
I finally saw The Lego Movie the other day.
Whats up with Kyle Schwarber?
Who do you like between the Seahawks and Panthers?
What's your favorite movie soundtrack?
HAVE YOU HEARD THE GROUP CHARLES JENKIN&FELLOWSHIP CHICAGO?
I think the world is tired of our new president.
Have you listen to anything by the Monkees?
Hello. What's up?
Who is your favorite Quarterback?
One if my favorite albums of Rihanna's is Unapologetic. Have you heard it?
How are the Chicago Bears looking for this upcoming season?
John Wayne is so amazing.
Have you heard of Fifth Harmony?
There's nothing to do in this town
So what do you think about M.I.A.?
Have you seen the movie It?
I just watched a special on Michael Jackson.
Who do you like in the NFL this year?
Do you listen to foreign music at all?
Did you see Beauty and the Beast?
I feel I need to vent a little, ok?
What did you think of Star Wars Episode IV A New Hope?
I watched The Big Short last night. Have you seen it?
I was on a date with a girl last night, and she told me she had never seen any of the original Star Wars movies.
Of all the Star Wars movies, which one did you like the most?
Is Tupac the best of all time in hiphop?
Remember the Grunge Era?
How exited are you for the nfl season to start.
What is your favorite old rock band?
Do you remember that movie with Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman?
Hey, Did you know that  Lady Gaga's name was inspired by the Queen song, 'Radio Gaga'.
Hey,I'm going to see Paul McCartney in September.
Hey Tony, let's go to a movie tonight!
What is the best team name in the NFL?
Who sang the famous song Sugar that was released in 2014?
Did you hear that Tarzan is the brother to the princesses in Frozen?
Are you going to Taste Of Chicago this year?
What's up, man? You ready for this new football season?
Hey
How many Alice and Wonderland films are there?
I just love Pentatonix!
What is your favorite rock band of all time?
Do you like John Waters movies?
Do you know who Testament are?
I just came back from Seeing The Force Awakens. I don't understand why people think that Rey is a Mary Sue.
So what do you think of Indie music?
Who's your favorite current rapper?
Hello!
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Did you see Derek Jeter night last night?
I just watched Green Room and I will never look at Patrick Stewart the same way again.
Have you seen the new Logan movie yet?
Can anyone stop the Pens?
Are you ready to watch some football.
I'm struggling who to pick for my fantasy team.
Did you hear lady gaga's song on the radio today?
do you like bring me the horizon
Hello.
Why did Harper not get a longer deal?
Hey, listen to any good music lately?
what is your pandora set to?
Hey, heard any good music recently?
Isn't it funny how popular flannel is again?
Did you like Suicide Squad?
Do you know of any good new bands I should listen to?
Guardians of the Galaxy 2 bothered me.
You ever been to a Budweiser Superfest?
I'm pumped for next season! How about you?
Michael Jackson. do you know him?
I absolutely loved Celine Dion's dress at the Met Gala.
Have you ever heard of the band Wishbone Ash?
Remember how concerts used to be
Did you get to see Arrival yet?
Have you seen 47 meters down?
Don't know about you but, I can't wait for the NFL season to kick off.
What kind of music do you listen to?
Hi.
Hey, how's everything going?
Did you catch the game against the Minnesota Twins and Colorado Rockies?
We should go see a movie today.
You've seen Star Wars right?
What is the scariest horror movie you have ever seen?
Okay, know what bothers me about baseball?
what do you think is the most romantic beatles song?
The NFL draft should be coming up soon. Are you excited?
Do rock bands always get kind of lame when they have been together for decades?
I love the class I'm taking right now for my college's intersession program. It's all about the 1960's.
Have you seen any independent movies recently?
I'm really excited for the Death Note movie!
Hey bro, did you check out the new Mors Principium Est album?
I heard some shocking news today about Prodigy.
You're a big Beatles fan, aren't you?
What Disney Movies have you seen recently?
Do you know about the Beach Boys?
do you know any good asian rappers?
I'm really excited about the upcoming season for the Detroit Lions?
How do you feel about that "Coco" trailer?
What do you think of all the NFL teams changing cities recently?
What's your favorite action movie?
So what have you been listening to lately?
Seen any Disney movies lately?
Tell me some interesting things about Lady Gaga.
What is the Raiders situation this year?
What was the name of Adele's first album?
What did you think of the new movie Split.
Which movie is your favorite out of the Star Wars original trilogy?
So, what's your favorite movie?
Have you had a chance to watch Knucklebones yet?
Hi.
Adam Sandler is an underrated actor
Did you see the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
Are you a fan of any Batman movies?
Who do you think will win the Super Bowl this season?
Who is your favorite alternative band?
Did you see Ghost in the Shell?
I went  for  a jog today .
Britney Spears might be the world's oldest teen.
What do you think of Lady Gaga?
Did you see the Cardinals game on Wednesday?
How is your day going so far?
When does training camp start for the NFL?
What did you think of last year's Super Bowl?
What's been up with Taylor Swift? I haven't heard about her in a while.
Did you see Gone With the Wind ?
Do you like the music of Lady Gaga?
Do you own any guitar pedals?
Do you like rap music?
Hey man, I can't wait for football season to start this year.
On Eastenders at Pauline Fowler's funeral they played that Dusty Springfield song.
Hey so have y'all seen the Despicable Me and Minions series yet?
Who's your favorite character on Star Wars?
I'm just talking about violence in movies. in particualr in anime. So, yes, Quick. Flash. Gore. Language, and sure, sexual violence too. All of the above, yes. So which has most of it.
Hey have you heard David Bowies album Black Star?
So it looks like the Texans are getting a new Quarterback coach.
Hi.
What do you think of when you hear country music?
EJ just got picked by the Bills.
Do you like The Rolling Stones?
Are you a fan of old school rock bands?
You know what one of my favorite movies is?
What do you think of the Transformer movies?
Which is your favorite Star Wars light saber battle?
I just saw Brick Lane.
What rap have you been hearing lately?
paramores new album is so good
Do you think their name is kinda weird?
Who  is your favorite character in Aladdin?
I've heard some news about roster changes for various NFL teams for the fall.
I just downloaded the Mulan soundtrack on my phone and I'm so excited!
So, which team will you be rooting this NFL season?
Who shot first?  Han, or Greedo?
Do you like the earlier beatles music or the later Beatles music better.
I loved that movie, Die Hard.
Do you like Lady Gaga?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Have you heard about the Electric Daisy Carnival EDM festival?
Do you like listening to the Beatles?
Do you like the name Luke Skywalker?
Hi, are you a fan of the Pixar Disney movies?
Who do wish you could see in concert?
Talladega Nights is really funny you ever see it?
Have you seen the latest Underworld Movie , Blood Wars ?
I bought the Lego Batman Movie on DVD and watched like an hour ago.
How long has the group Metallica been around?
Did you ever see The Fox and the Hound?
Hey did you ever see The Imitation Game?
what is your view on mjb
Hey, what would you say is your favorite thriller movie?
Are you a fan of musical movies?
Do you like the rock band AFI?
I'm really psyched for the next Star Wars film.
What was the first concert you ever went to?
Hey man, what kind of sub-genres of rock music do you like?
What are you listening to on your MP3 player?
Yeah, those were pretty catchy.
What did you think of the Casino Royale Move?
Who is your favorite football player?
what type of music do you like
Hey, what is that you are doing on the computer?
Have you seen Sherlock Holmes?
I was having dinner at a friend's a couple nights ago, and another couple that was visiting had a hilarious argument.
Can we turn on the radio? It's going to be a long drive.
You know what I like to do is go see classic old movies in the theater when they have revival screenings.
What type of music do you like to listen to?
Who is yoir favorite pop singer
What do you think about the movie Beauty and the Beast?
Are you a Beatles fan?
Were you disappointed that little Anakin Skywalker turned out to be Darth Vader?
I'm not a diehard NFL fan. But, I used to like watching the Colts play with my dad.
Did you watch the Kong movie from the early 2000s?
Hey, which team do you think will be the biggest surprise of the season in the NFL?
Hey, have you seen the latest Star Wars movie lately?
What is your favorite thriller movie so far this year?
You remember that rumor that Paul was dead?
What do you think about NFL teams moving cities?
So what do you think of the new Star Wars movies?
Hey, have you heard any good music lately?
Did you ever see Cinderella?
Hey are you going to be watching NFL this season?
I hear they are making a new Cinderella movie next year.
Hey are you excited for the upcoming Raiders season?
Do you remember the Disney movie "The Little Mermaid?"
Do you like the Eagles?
Have you heard the new Foo Fighters single?
I went to the mall to do some shopping earlier.
Do you like football?
So are you a big fan of Jimi Hendrix?
Did Fantasia make any sense to you?
Are you interested in folk music?
Have you heard of the movie The Fifth Wave?
I really hope that we get to the Super Bowl this year.
Lets talk about disney movies
Do you like Smokey Robinson?
Did you like the movie Signs?
Did you ever see The Little Mermaid
I'm so excited about the re-release of OK Computer!
Did you  go on  a  road trip  this  week?
Have you seen Bambi?
What Beatles album did you last listen to?
Do you like Rey from the Force Awakens?
I saw Pollyanna last night.
Do you like classical music?
i am still working on that NFL trivia list for that book.
So, I saw Maleficent when it came out.
Have you been watching Baseball this year
What do you think of this upcoming season in the NFL?
I saw the best documentary on Netflix called Betting on Zero.
So my better half is obsessed with the movie Knight and Day.
What is an interesting fact about your team that most people don't know?
We watched a classic thriller movie the other night.
Who is your favorite actor?
Ello
Have you been to any rock concerts lately?
What do you think is the most under rated movies?
Do you have a favorite rap artist?
What do you think about bands playing to a backing track?
Apparently the Cars franchise is continuing to do well at the box office.
Have you seen that kid Sindergaard pitch for the Mets?
I cannot stand some directors
Have you seen the new Star Wars: Rogue One ?
What do you think of Elton John's pop music?
I'm really getting excited for the Bills season
What superhero movies feel short for you , (if any)?
Don't you think it is strange that some states have several teams.
Me and a friend of mine was having a music debate the other day.
Do you like Judd Apatow movies?
So, how about this first half?
What did think about Han Solo's death in the The force awakens?
Who do you think was the best female pop singer in the 1980s?
have you seen j cole live?
Who is your favorite classical music composer?
I just saw the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie!
So, what do you think has changed with the widespread accessibility of music online?
Hello
Do you prefer older rap artist or the new rap/hip-hop?
Hi.
How many times,have you watched The Wizard Of Oz?
What kind of music do you like?
What do you think of Ron Howard's directing.
What do you think of the movie War Room?
I just read that the NFL cheerleaders only get paid $150 per game.
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
Who do you think will win the Superbowl this year?
morning, what are you listening to?
Did you get Lady Gaga's newest album?
Did you ever play basketball growing up?
Did you like the Hangover movies?
Have you seen the newest Star Wars movie?
Who is your favorite movie composer?
Is Britney Spears pop?
So how do you think your Raiders are going to do this upcoming season?
Do you want to go to the movies this weekend?
Who will win the American League East this year?
Did you like The Phantom Menace?
My favorite part about the first Harry Potter movie is when he is learning about magic!
Do you want kickoffs abolished?
What do you think about the new Loerde album?
Did you get to watch the BET Awards?
I watched My Neighbor Totoro for the first time since I was a kid the other day.
Would you listen to Kid Rock nowadays?
what did you think of phantom menace
Does Snoop Dogg still make rap?
Blank check is a really fun movie, did you see it?
Do you know of John Coltrane?
Did you see the Chiefs hired a new GM?
You remember that band Clutch?
What is the deal with midiclorians, or whatever they're called?
Did you see the 2017 IIHF Ice Hockey World Championship?
I hate that they are changing actors
If you could go to any pop concert, who would it be?
Can you imagine a world where denzel washington did not do action
I've been really into listening to Madonna again lately.
How do you think Drew Brees will do this season?
Do you ever listen to rock at all?
What type of movies do you like the most?
Was Chewbacca an Ewok?
Hey!  How have you been?
I am a big fan of Jay-z  what about you buddy do you like Jay-z  rap songs?
What do you think of Lionel Richie?
Have you seen Fifty Shades Darker yet?
Hey.
What is your favorite movie?
Did you know Kristen Stewart was in Panic Room?
What is your favorite type of music?
Hey, what do you think of electronic dance music?
Who is hosting the Super Bowl this coming season?
What do you like best about the NFL?
Will Ferrell is so unfunny.
What do you think of Lady Gaga's newest music?
I just started watching the Harry Potter movies this weekend.
What is your top beatle song ?
Who was the first ever unrestricted free agent?
Peter Pan is definitely one of the most well known Disney movies of all times.
Will the NBA opt out of their deal with ESPN?
I heard my favorite song on the radio today. Do you have a favorite?
Who's your favorite singer for 2017 so far?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Dumb and dumber was so funny.
Do you know who signed Lady Gaga?
Who's your favorite rock group of all time?
Whats your favorite part of Harry Potter
Were you more of a Backstreet Boys or NSYNC fan?
Have you seen Big Hero 6?
The Other Woman is such a funny movie.
What's your favorite basketball team?
I love Radiohead.
What do you think of Sean Paul?
You're a huge horror movie fan aren't you?
Have you seen the new dirty dancing remake.
babe, take me out this weekend please./!
Hi.
Is Get Out as good as people say?
What did you think of the Ghostbusters remake?
What have you been listening to lately?
Are you excited for football this year?
What are you listening to? I can hear it through your headphones but can't place it.
Are you ready?
Have you watched any good movies recently?
Have you ever seen the movie Almost Famous?
What's the best Star Wars movie?
Did you know national treasure was a disney movie
Cheddar or Beer?
Hey man, I have an extra ticket to the Dave Matthews Band concert tonight, do you want to go?
What do you think about the Red Wings this year?
Were you ever a fan of Madonna?
Have you seen all of the Harry Potter films?
What do you think of the Lethal Weapon franchise?
What do you think disney's greatest film triumph is?
What do you think is the best action film in the last five years?
Do you like Greenday?
Who's your favorite team?
What did you think of the new Pirates of the Caribbean - Dead Men Tell No Tales
Are you listening to classical music?
Man i am still shocked they did that
Freaky Friday is so funny.
Have you heard of Alan Walker?
Did you ever get into the Friday the 13th movies?
Hey, have you seen the movie Crash?
Have. u seen the last fast and furious movie?
Hey, have you seen the movie Minority Report?
Did you ever watch the first trilogy back in the 80's I think it was.
I'm so excited to see Logan
What do you like for music?
Did you know Up came out eight year ago?
Will Chris Paul stay in LA?
Man, do I hate Ewoks.
Have you heard I'M THE ONE?
Have you seen the Wonder Woman movie yet?
What is your favorite disney movie?
What do you think of the semi-finals
Are you familiar with Nicki Minaj?
What do you think of thrillers?
Do you like action films? Yes. I like "italian job"
Hey
Hey, so what´s your favorite NFL team?
So, I was watching this movie...
do you know seether
Remember the bar scene in STAR WARS?
I just love movie musicals.
We should watch a Disney movie tonight.
Did you see that movie on the disney channel?
I want to watch Fright Night!
Are you a Tom Cruise fan?
What do you think of disney's Lady and the Tramp?
Do you think jk rolling did a great job with the story line
Did you ever see The Departed?
What is your favorite Disney movie?  Mine is The Lion King.
Did you like the Toy Story movies?
Are you watching the Celtics/Cavaliers series.
What's your favortite Superhero movie?
Do you like Dire Straits?
What is your favorite animated movie?
Hey.
What did you think of the storyline for the movie WALL-E?
Hey, is Billy Idol still making music?
I watched The Strangers again last night. Couldn't fall asleep for two hours afterward.
Hey question
Have you heard of any good horror movies coming out?
Hey man you know Travolta is a amazing actor
You know what I haven't seen in a long time?
I know you can visit YouTube and hear some of their music.
Hey
Hey
Man oh man, this beat is sick.
Have you seen Finding Dory?
Basketball was my favorite sport as a kid. I loved the Celtics of the 1980s.
Have you hear any good music lately?
Have you seen the new comedy that came out recently? It's called Chips.
How about this game tonight?
Who is this band?
You think butterbeer is actually beer?
What action movies do you recommend me to see this summer?
Have you seen the second John Wick movie?
What kind of Disney movies do you like?
What was the most overrated movie you've ever seen?
Are you excited about the upcoming football season?
The original Beauty and the Beast was pretty overrated.
Are you a fan of Nicki Minaj?
I feel like sequels are never any good.
Did you hear about Jay-Z's new music service?
Do you dislike anything about the Star Wars films?
who do you wanna see in concert?
I just watched the SpongeBob movie again.
Who's the king of rock and roll?
So, the basic idea is to go back to Episode IV, A New Hope, and follow the implicit and expected plot points and developments, as if the other movies didn't exist in their current form.
Who played Stairway to Heaven?
Do you watch nfl football?
I wonder why they chose to alter some scenes in the movies
Have you ever really listened to movie soundtracks.
Did you watch the cardinal game yesterday?
Could you see Darth Vader ever making a return?
Are you ready for some football this season?
do you like saosin
I saw the scariest movie ever last night!
Hey, do you like romantic comedies?
How do you see Finn fitting into the next few movies?
Who is your favorite band of the 90's?
Have you heard of Linkin Park?
Do you like justin bieber
Hi.
Who are the best kickers in the NFL?
I can't believe the Patriots won another Superbowl
Hey there! I just saw the best movie! Have you seen Inside Out?
Have you heard of the band Death Grips?
have you seen that movie fist fight ?
how many groups or soloists have you seen live in concert?
We are planning a Mike Judge marathon soon, are you interested?
What is your favorite Will Ferrell movie?
Do you like Kendrick Lamar?
Hi.
Did you watch any more Cohen Brothers movies?
Hey did you ever watch Captain Phillips?
Are you a fan of thrash metal?
Have you ever seen any zombie movies?
What do you think about Nicki Minaj?
What piece of music always gives you chills down your back?
Have you seen any good comedies recently?
What horror movie do you feel is truly original?
What do you think of Dream Theater?
Is Yoda a speicies or what?
Do you like One Direction?
Hi.
I hate this down time we are in for sports right now!
Are you watching the game this Sunday?
Do you listen to any pop music regularly?
Who do you think the front runners for the World Series are this year?
Hows it going?
How did you like the new Star Wars movie, The Force Awakens?
Do you like Tupac?
Do you like Florence and the Machine?
I cant wait to see Mary Poppins returns next year!
Have you seen all of the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies?
Is Jackie Chan still doing movies? I don't think I've seen him that Karate Kid remake.
Do you like ambient at all?
Hey I was thinking about old bands from the 70's....Queen.
What are some favorite scenes you like?
What type of music do you like?
Who is your favorite hockey player of all time?
Do you think anyone will ever take Michael Jackson's crown as "The King of Pop?"
I cannot believe they did a spot on job with the start of the movies though
I want to get my great nephew started on watching animated Disney films.
The Princess and the Frog is such a fun movie.
Hey man, you think they're gonna pay Leveon Bell a lot this year?
Who do you think are some of the greatest Classic Rock Bands of All time?
I like music from the romantic period.
Did you buy Beauty and the Beast yet?
Lets talk about movies
Quick question; Have you ever seen Angela's Ashes?
So do you think that Luke Skywalker is going to be killed off in the new movie coming later this year?
I heard they are going to make a live-action Lion King movie!
Hey man did i leave anything at your house last night
I can't believe football will be starting soon!
Have you ever seen Amon Tobin live?
What was the greatest NFL team of all time?
I saw this wild movie about a group of soldiers fighting werewolves the other day.
What are you watching?
Do you know of any good movies to watch?
I really miss Brian's character.
I saw Ted the other day, that was a pretty funny movie.
Hey how do you think the Bengals will do this season?
I just heard this band for the first time and I'm completely amazed by them.
Hey, you like country. What do you think of Florida Georgia Line?
What was the best Mel Brooks movie?
I have loved pop music since I was pretty young.
Who is your favorite Beatle?
Guess what I'm doing right now? Hint: it involves Harry Potter.
Kendrick Lamar is the most influential poet of our times.
What do you think is a great superhero movie?
So have you been to any NFL games?
do you know hopsin
Did you ever see Basket Case?
Do you ever hear pop music?
What's your favorite scene in Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire?
What year did the Beatles get their start?
Who was the best NFL coach of all time?
Are you a Philip Glass fan?
How do you think the Titans will be this year?
I really want to go to more concerts. I just never see anyone I really like coming here.
Has anyone seen the Lego Batman movie yet?
Do you remember Eva Mendes in Fast 5?
So who is your favorite actor?
What is your favorite movie?
Are you a fan of music?
Hey man, I heard you like rap, do you listen to Eminem?
I want to go see Alien: Covenant.
did you like the force awakens?
Have you seen Moana yet?
Do you listen to rock music?
Did you ever see Finding Nemo?
What music have you been listening to lately?
Are you a football fan?
Have you been watching the Stanley Cup Playoffs?
My favorite Harry Potter is the last one.
who is your favorite pop artist?
When you watch the original trilogy now, what do you think of the antiquated special effects?
What did you think of Zootopia?
Hey, we have an open spot in our fantasy football league this year, do you want in?
No matter what I do... I just do not like Neil Young.
Have you heard of the Japanese band, Toe?
There is so much talk about disney putting hidden messages or things in the movies. Have you noticed any?
Why is Boba Fett so popular?
Who is your favorite musical artist of all time?
The new Beauty and the Beast movie did well in the box office.
Hey have you listened to Damn yet?
Is Degoba Yoda's home planet?
Did you hear about the Gators?
Did you get a chance to see Rogue One?
Would you be willing to watch a movie with me?
Have you seen Inglorious Bastards?
Hey, have you ever heard of Tool?
Do you have any favorite actors?
What's your favorite movie ever?
Hey John, have you ever gotten to see the movie Seven with Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt in it?
hey i just got done watching peter pan
So who won last night's game between the Warriors and Spurs?
So, who's your favorite pop artist these days?
What did you think of the Fantastic Four?
Wow, the last 2 years we have lost so many great musicians....
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Who do you think is the greatest player to ever play basketball?
Did you ever see the movie version of Buffy the Vampire Slayer?
Are you into Ed Sheeran?
What is the greatest song from the 1980s?
Do you like Jake Gyllenhaal?
Do you like rap music?
Mom  I just saw Mandy run past me crying. Is she okay?
Hi there, are you a fan of the director Peter Jackson?
Lets talk about music
You need to catch the movie Hush.
Do you like Country music at all?
What kind of blaster does Chewbacca use?
Do you think the Brown's will be the worst team in the NFL this season?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast film?
Do you like Star Wars?
Whats your favorite mafia action movie?
Do you remember watching Lilo & Stitch as a kid?
Jerry come look at this!
Do you remember the movie Alice in Wonderland?
Hey, what do you think about football?
I like THE NEW YORK GIANTS.
I just found out that I can watch Disney movies on Netflix.
What conference are the Cardinals in?
Who's the best lead singer for Val Halen?
I like the PITTSBURGH STEELERS.
Ready for the final Planet of the Apes film?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
How do the warriors pay all of these players?
I just went back and rewatched the first couple of Harry Potter movies, and... you know, they're... kind of not good.
I finally saw the South Park movie.
What kind of music did your parents listen to while you were growing up?
The story of Sleeping Beauty is wonderful. Princess Aurora and Prince Phillip make quite the duo.
Did you ever see the Lion King?
Do you think moonlight should have won best picture?
what is your favorite kind of movie
Did you ever see the Departed?
how are you doing?
Have you heard of Manchester by the Sea?
Seen any good movies lately?
Hey, do you want to go watch a movie tonight?
Have you ever heard of Mariah Carey?
Seven was the creepiest movie ever.
There's a Harry Potter Marathon on today! Squee!
Did you see Zootopia?
Have you seen Goon?
Hey did you see Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2?
Do you like psychedelic music?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
I have always been a big fan of Disney movies, either animated or live action. How about you?
You think the Nationals will keep Harper?
Who's your favorite NFL team?
Have you heard of Phantogram?
That movie Taken was really good.
Do you know the beatles song Real Love?
Hi
What do you think was the best defense in NFL history?
What do you think of Blade Runner: 2049?
What do you think of Taylor Swift?
What happened to Trick Daddy?
Do you listen to modern classical music?
Is Citizen Kane a good movie?
What's your favorite movie?
So, what's been good, friend?
Which summer movie will make the most money this year?
What's your favorite part of an NFL gameday experience?
Have you ever seen any old recording of beatles performances?
Have you seen all of the Star Wars films?
Do you think Jurassic Park was a horror film?
Did you see the Astros-Yankees game yesterday?
Did you see that they're doing a live-action remake of The Lion King?
When was the last time you saw a Star Wars movie?
have you seen Chuckie?
Would you like to go to a ball game?
Hey, are you ready for some football?
I loved the movie Carrie.
Is rock music of interest to you?
What's your favorite type of music?
Hey did you see Peter Jackson's new Hobbit films?
Best country song ever?
Last night a pregnant Beyonce was out wearing the new Gucci duster.
Who won the game?
To bad about chuck berry dying.
What was the last movie you watched?
Do you like Kanye West?
I saw that new medieval movie yet?  It was really good.
What do you think of opera, Mr. PhD-in-Music?
What is your favorite Fast and Furious Movie?
Which dress do you think I should get? The pink one, or the blue one?
Man, k-pop is pretty weird.
Did you like Empire Strikes Back?
Hi
I'm on the fence about horror movies.
Do you like Lady Gaga?
Who are the greatest tight ends in the NFL?
Ron Holmes is down!
I love these little movies
You know keep the footages and just add more modern touches?
Alright, dude, I got a beef about baseball.
Guess what I'm watching? Yes, Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter.
I wonder if the Patriots will be able to hold their title this coming season.
Who is your favorite music artist of all time?
What do you think about artists like Future
What kind of music do you like?
What is better an X-Wing, Y-Wing or the Millennium Falcon from the Star Wars movies?
Hey, did you ever see the movie Hustle and Flow?
What do you consider to be the best movie of all time?
What do you think of Ricky Nelson?
What are you listening to these days?
What's your favorite Beattle's album?
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy?
Have you heard that new Justin Beiber Song?
I think that blasters are way cooler than light sabers.
Who is your favorite singer?
I really love the classic Disney movies.
Who do you think is going to win the superbowl this year?
How much do you like Outkast?
I am so sick of lots of things right now?
I just saw Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Do you think Step Brothers is the most quotable comedy of all time?
So did you see the new Arnold Schwarzenegger movie?
Who do you have for MVP this year?
How have you been doing today?
Do you think the panthers will bounce back this year?
What was the last Thriller movie you seen?
So I've been trying to decide which Howard is better: the first name, or the last name.
Pick a dark horse NFL championship matchup.
Hey did you ever listen to Eminem's music?
Did you see pirest of the carebiyan 4th part.
Whats your favorite Tom Cruise movie?
Were there three different directors on all Star Wars movies?
Some of these movies are not even real Disney movies, I don't think.
Have you heard of Hinder?
Do you listen to a lot of music?
Do you remember George Micheal?
Hey, what do you think about football?
What is the scariest japanese-american horror movie?
Who was your favorite character in toy story?
Taylor Swift and her music is so popular!
Where do you want to go for dinner?
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF SHIRLEY CEASAR CONCERT?
Who do you think is the best coach in the NFL?
Hey have you listened to the band No Doubt?
Here is a good CD.
Do you know anyone who played in the NFL?
Does Disney have any Christmas movies
The Subway series is coming soon
Hey, you want to watch something on Netflix?
Hey, what do you think about Coldplay?
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new song?
The New Orleans Saints aren't a good team.
Do you have a favorite band?
Have you seen 13 sins?
I'm really excited to see the new Wonder Woman movie!
What do you think about the Oakland Raiders moving to Las Vegas?
My favorite song was "Let it Go".
When did you see Episode 1?
Are you into really freaky movies?
Have you watched any good horror movies of late?
Have you seen the movie Taken?
Do you remember the first Star Wars movie you saw?
Did you see that new top gun movie yet?
Have you seen any movies in theaters lately?
Did Titans pick up any WRs? They sorely needed some
What do you want to talk about?
What is your favorite kind of action movies
Hi.
Are you a fan of Lady Gaga?
Do you think Cruella D'Ville was a 'good' villain?
Do you like country music?
Are you excited for NFL football to start back.
Hi there.
How do you feel about Eleanor Rigby?
How do you like The Mountain Goats?
So did you see the new Beauty and the Best movie with Emma Watson?
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy yet?
What's your favorite movie?
I'm one of those people who really fears the dentist.
Did you see the trailer for the new Jumanji movie yet?
Lately I've been really into post-rock.
Do you like Keanu Reeves?
Do you like the Star Wars prequel movies?
Hey man
Are you ready for some football?  Less than two months until the regular season kickoff!
Do you like the new Bruno Mars album?
Is it just me or is Ariel mean?
Hey, did you go see Weezer's recent show?
You know what the main theme of Star Wars is, when all films are taken as a whole?
Do you have a favorite Disney princess?
Out of 80s Metal Bands, who would be your favorite?
Mariah Carrey is overrated.
did you watch The Force Awakens?
Do you remember that movie called Seven with Brad Pitt?
One Disney movie I really like but many don't seem to is The Lion King 2.
Have you ever heard Hawkwind?
Hey, what was the last movie you watched on Netflix?
I feel like Hollywood is making too many remakes.
Do you like Twenty-one Pilots?
Have you seen Jurassic World?
It's funny how some songs sound better playing on old, poor fidelity equipment.
Did you see The Boss Baby?
Do you want to watch the Disney movie Moana with me?
Hey what is your favorite song from the 80's?
I always heard there was a fifth Beatle
what do you think of frozen?
The first Die Hard movie was awesome to watch on Netflix.
I just the trailer for Jackie Chan's new movie, The Foreigner.
I was able to watch the new Aliens. Have you seen it?
What's your favorite war movie?
What's your favorite Disney movie.
Did you see that Rams Vs. 49ers game?
Hi, How are you doing today?
I wish "Rogue One" was more Jedi stuff in it.
I really liked the Leathal Weapon movies.
Remember Katy Perry and her music?
Do you know what the first cartoon Disney movie ever was?
Who's your favorite rock group?
What do you think about the Cowboys this year?
i wish the beatles had been in a disney song
Hey.
Do you think this year will be the year for the Washington Redskins?
Have you seen any of the John Wick movies?
so are you thinking of going to the dance?
the goofy movie was funny
I must be getting old. I can't wear that new style of ripped jeans.
Which movie in the Fast and Furious Franchise is your favorite?
Where are the boys?
Have seen that one horror thriller type movie called The Gallows?
Hey, man, did you catch the NFL draft?
Did you see that old movie Bambi?
Do you listen to Katy Perry?
Have you ever listened to The Front Bottoms?
What is your favorite rock band?
Did you know the Packers are named after a meat company?
Which prine do you find most handsome in disney movies?
I just saw Dawn of the Dead.
Have you taken your kids to see the new Cars 3 movie?
What do you think about the Patriots coach?
Do you think Simon and garfunkel will ever tour again?
How did you like Rogue One?
Have you seen the action movie, Escape Plan?
Have you ever seen The Black Swan?
Afternoon.
I read an article today about how they are warning there has been a big increase in the number of great white sharks on the east coast.
What is the most tragic scene in movie history?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
How do you feel about the Minnesota Vikings?
Lets talk about slow jams.
Do you prefer the old ACDC songs?
I feel like every time I turn on the TV i am hearing Katy Perry music.
You think Disney see girls, women or princesses as second rate citzens?
How do you feel about the Raiders moving to Las Vegas?
Hey bro, do you know any good thrillers?
Who is the best team in football?
My favorite part of Awards Season is the fashion!
Were you into cars before watching Fast and the Furious or after?
Have you seen the new movie Everything, Everything?
I really like old classic movies, how about you?
My favorite old school actor is Frank sinatra
So, have you seen any thriller movies lately?
Have you ever seen a Sinbad movie?
Are you a bigger fan of Star Wars or Star Trek?
What are your favorite songs of the 80s and 90s?
Do you like the Arizona Cardinals this season?
What’s your favorite scary movie of late?
What do you think is the scariest Disney moment?
What is the latest action film you saw?
Who is your favorite character in Star Wars?
Hey, what's that tattoo on your arm mean?
Do you want to hear some really weird facts about the NFL and it's players?
I wonder if Brave is getting a sequel?
Have you seen the last Mummy movie yet?
When do you plan on seeing it?
You know, I haven't like one of the X-men movies.
I want to go see the My Cousin Rachel soon.
Can we talk about Disney
Ooh, I like your blouse. It's so soft and flowy. And that color is gorgeous on you.
Did you ever watch Apocalypto?
NFL preseason is right around the corner !
I was so happy when Ludacris showed back up in the Fast5.
Do you like Frozen, Brave, or Tangled more?
Do you think the quarterback option is an outdated move in today's NFL?
Ever listen to Lady Gaga?
What do you think of Bruno Mars?
I liked the remake of Beauty and the Beast.
Do you ever listen to soul music?
You know what I always thought was a really cool movie?
Did you ever end up seeing "Don't Breathe".
What happent to the Bothan spies in Rogue One?
I've been listening to a new rock music station. They play all of the greats.
I love George Michael and Wham.
My favorite Disney movie is the Princess and the Frog.
Did you hear Disney is making a new The Lion King movie?
Hey have you heard of Alina Baraz?
What was the name of Paul McCartney's band?
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
So me and my girlfriend just went to see the new Star Wars movie
Wow this music is good
Did you watch the original X-Men movie?
What's your favorite kind of music?
So, what mainstream movie did you like, that almost no one else did?
Have you seen Adam Sandlers new movie  "Sandy Wexler"?
Have you listened to Taylor Swift on Spotify
Have you seen Pulp Fiction?
Barry Manilow is on tour again. Have you ever seen him live?
Want to talk about movies?
I just saw the oddest Dracula movie ever.
What Disney film can you not live without?
The more I learn about the beatles I think I like george harrison.
I need a duet to sing for an upcoming karaoke night.
What teams do you think are going to the NFL playoffs this season?
Hello
One thing we have in common is our enjoyment of rock music.
Tomorrowland was a great movie.
Do you know a lot of Tim McGraw songs?
Who do you prefer: NSYNC or Backstreet Boys?
Have you been keeping up with the NFL draft?
What is the force?
Have you watched any thrilling movies in the past few months?
Do you think Donald Trump will get a movie made about his Presidency?
What's a good thriller from the past 10 years?
I have been trying to get into classic films.
So, how would you have changed The Force Awakens?
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
What movies did you see this weekend?
Who's your all time favorite NFL team?
Did you see Shutter Island?
Do you listen to Djent?
Hey are you excited that its almost time for the NFL season to start?
what do you like most about lady gaga?
What pop artists are you into?
how so you watch india movies, i heard they are full intrigue
Is Lady and the Tramp good?
Did you see the last Mets game?
I was thinking about having some of the guys over and have a trivia night.
When you were growing up did you have a favorite song?
Who is your favorite pop singer?
Hey buddy, what's your favorite team?
Have you heard of System of a Down?
What's your favorite disney movie?
I spent all yesterday night watching old Lady Gaga videos.
When I was in Japan, it seemed like every convenience store was playing Yesterday.
Why does every action movie have to have some boring female character?
Which popular singer do you respect the most?
I can't wait for football to start this year.
Sorry we got cut off at last week's lunch movie discussion.
I dont know if there are any blockbuster films coming out this summer.
I just saw Attack of the Clones again.
Did you hear Glen Campbell has a new album out?
You ready for the NFL this year?
I saw a great comedy with Chris Farley In it the other day.
I want to watch some movie tonight
What do you think of the connection between rae and kylo?
Let's talk about movies
Did you ever listen to Nas?
Hey buddy, are you excited for the upcoming season?
Were you a fan of the Hunchback of Notre Dame?
Man Faith Evans and El DeBarge just blew my mind.
The Force awakens is not that good.
What is your opinion on Lady Gaga Fashion sense?
Do you think bruce willis is a good actor
Do you know who they say the fifth Beatle is?
You know what's confusing?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song?
I want to go out and do something fun tonight.
I think there has been a lot of one hit wonders in pop music.
Have you watched saw?
Did you ever see The Jungle Book?
Who do you think is the best quarterback in the league today?
Hey, I haven't seen you in ages, how have you been?
Have you heard of H.E.R.?
Do you know any good Indie artists I could try out?
Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy?
WHich is your favorite Star Wars movie?
hey Fred guess what?
Thank goodness my son is too young to be into Disney movies. I love them, but I can't stand to watch the same movie over and over again.
Who do you think are the best NFL quarterbacks?
do you like old disco music
Hey I know you are a guitar nerd and know a lot of different players.
Are any new thriller or horror movies coming out this week?
The Eagles are going to be so good this year.
I just saw highlights from Superbowl X.
Have you seen Lady Gaga - G.U.Y. - An ARTPOP Film?
What's a really good, scary horror movie that you've seen?
Did you just a that?
What's your favorite comedic moment in Star Wars?
Let's talk about some music.
Did you see the new Fast & the Furious?
How do you feel about monokinis?
What is your favorite and least favorite genres of music?
What is your favorite disney film?
What kind of music are you listening to now a days?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
What is your favorite 80s rock band?
I think the Cowboys are going to kill it this year.
You're interested in Contemporary Christian music aren't you?
I really miss 80's and 90's type music.
What kind of movies do you like?
Are you a fan of Marvel movies?
How much do you think luke skywalker will be in the new star wars movie?
Really, it's  well known. Good women have high voices, and powerful men sing bass.
So you're saying Kanye West is an egomaniac?
Did you hear Seattle Opera is doing Mozart's Magic Flute?
Do you think the Dolphins stand a chance this year?
Did you see the Trailer for Black Panther?
I used to have such a crush on Catfish Hunter.
Its old but i really like the empire strikes back
Kill Bill 1 or 2: which do you prefer?
What is your biggest fear when it comes to LeVeon Bell getting a new deal?
What are your thoughts on The Hunchback of Notre Dame?
I going tonight.
Do you think Rosemary's Baby is scary?
What was that place in the Star Wars movie with fun music and drinks?
Hello.
Are you excited about this upcoming football season?
So, what's your favorite movie?
Let's listen to some music.
Whats the last movie you've seen?
When did the movie "Titanic" come out?
What kind of music do you like?
Have you been listening to any rap music lately?
So how are you doing since The Gaslight Anthem has been on hiatus?
Who wore it better on the red carpet, Jessica Findlay or Andie MacDowell?
What do you think of tyga?
Do you want to go and watch Wonder Woman with me?
Hey have you ever heard of Phantogram?
Do you like Metallica?
Hey there.
Free Agency this season has been making many players rich.
How excited do you get about the All Star game?
Had you ever seen the Shining?
Why do you think Star Wars never has a solid family unit?
I can't tell you how many times I've seen 101 Dalmations.
What do you think about Eric Clapton?
I saw that new 'Wonder Woman' movie at the weekend.
What is your favorite comedy movie?
I have to admit, I had mixed feelings on some of the casting for the Harry Potter movies.
I am thinking about going for a movie tonight. You want to join?
I just saw the film Unfaithful.
Did you see BTS at the Billboard awards?
Do you like scary movies?
I can't wait to see Thor: Ragnarok when it hits theaters.
Have you ever heard of the movie Southland Tales?
What's going on Brett? You looking at Fandango?
So how stoked are you about the NFL fotbll this season?
It's hard to believe that Disney movies now include Star Wars!
Hi there.
We watched The Trasnporter one and two this weekend.
What are you doing today?
When did you first start watching football?
I just saw The Shaggy Dog.
So what about them A's?
What's your favorite Beatles album?
Which is you favorite Lethal Weapon movie?
So, who you rooting for this year?
There are some songs and albums so beautifully recorded, I can't think of any way they could be improved.
Who is your prediction to win it all this year?
Do you like The Rescuers?
Who is best player in the NFL?
Are you excited about the NFL season being so close?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
You were up late last night. What was that movie you were watching?
Have you gone to see any bands lately?
Have you seen Saw?
Have you arm top gun?
Who is in The Fellowship of the Ring?
Did you see the Disney movie Cinderella?
Hey, did you hear that Garth Brooks is coming to town?
I am in a depressed mood at the moment.
Who was your favorite Harry Potter character?
Did you hear that the playoffs are starting?
What was the scariest movie you watched as a kid?
What kind of music do you think is good to listen to when you need a pick me up or you're sad?
Oh, I am so disappointed that Beauty and the Beast is no longer in theaters.
Hey! You are the midnight piano player - I never knew you played!
You seen any good movies recently?
Did you see that movie Jackie Brown?
What do you think of Eminems new music?
Which artist which you say made better pop music? Christina Aguilera or Britney Spears?
Did you see the spiderma  movies
Did you hear about the Celtics player?
Was Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs a good film?
Did you see the game between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Ottawa Senators last night?
Have you seen the Disney movie "The Good Dinosaur?" It came out last year and I just watched it again last night.
Which Independence Day film did you like more? The orginial one released in 1996 or Independence Day: Resurgence, the one released in 2016?
What was the best lightsaber battle of the whole Star Wars franchise?
Hey Betty how are you doing?
who's your favorite nfl team
I love star wars
What was the first concert you ever went to?
When it's the year 3000 what will they be making movies about. The future?
Hi
I just watched the Force Awakens again.
That's ok. in music transformation is just changing a given set of notes by a rule. A set rule
Pirates of the Carribean is awesome.
So what type of music are you into?
Have you seen all of the Star Wars movies?
We are going to watch the Disney movie Holes tonight.
Do you play any instruments?
What's your favorite Superhero movie?
I remember Nickelback used to be kind of popular.
This kid has some NBA scouts drooling already. Huge pickup! Good job Tommy!
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
I still cannot believe they left the universe of i robot where it was
Do you remember the Terminator movie?
Are you going to see Wonder Woman?
Have you ever listened to Arcade Fire?
What's your favorite Disney animated film?
I am so bored of his movies
Are there any movies that you would like to see this summer?
Hey, do you like punk music?
Do  you prefer to watch movies alone  or with someone?
Do you enjoy the fast and the furious movies?
Have you seen the new Pirates of the Carribean movie?
Do you ever listen to Zac Brown Band?
Did you see the Patriots picked up Brandin Cooks?
What are some of your favorite Motown songs?
Will the Lions ever win with Matt Stafford?
I loved listening to the Beatles when I was younger.
I was an adult when I finally seen Harry Potter.
How do you like Avril Lavigne?
I want to watch a good horror movie. Do you know of any good ones?
Remember when we used to be obsessed with Disney music?
What does the NFL miss from its storied past?
What type of music do you like?
Hello
he only time he looked ok is when we were running uptempo.
I didn't know Disney did Pirates of the Caribbean.
I hate how there is so much CGI in the new Star Wars.
Can you see Lady Gaga doing more than she already has?
How old were you when you first saw harry potter
Did you ever play field hockey?
It's almost football season!
am all set for the rich gang concert night
Do you like Bon Jovi?
have you seen the movie Hook with Robin Williams?
Leigh looks really old in the movie.
Do you think Revenge of the Sith was the best of the prequel?
Have you seen Logan yet?
Do you ever listen to Drake music at all?
Hey are you psyched about this coming NFL season?
What kind of music do you like?
Whats your favorite classic disney movie?
Which star wars movie is your favorite?
Something weird I noticed about movies recently?
I saw the top two grossing anime movies in Japan for 2016 recently.
Up was such a great movie.
Man i miss punk
Who is your favorite new orleans artist to see live?
Who do you think is going to win the Superbowl this year?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Last Sunday I have seen one of the Harry Potter movies.
who's your favourite pop singer nowadays?
Snow White always used to freak me out as a kid.
Monday night
Do you like Batman films?
Daniel Radcliffe was a great choice for harry potter.
Did you like the Beatles anthology series?
Do you like the Indigo Girls?
So what do you think about pop music today?
Hi.
Ah, nothing like unwinding to some sweet sweet tunes.
What is the best song ever ?
What do you think about Tony Jefferson joining the Ravens?
Did you ever see The Gorilla?
What do you think about the Fast and Furious movies?  Do you like them?
i've got two tickets to go watch a movie.
Do you remember watching Superbad?
Are you going to see the new transformers movie?
Are you excited like I am for the new NFL season?
What do you think of Nick Jonas?
Hey, how ready are you for NFL this year?
Does the Hulk get his own movie ever again?
How much do you know about tupac?
Neil Young is one of my favorite musicians.
I gotta say, I don't think OSHA exists in the Star Wars universe.
What's your favorite horror movie?
what is your favorite comedy movie?
Are you going to a music festival this summer?
Have you heard Kendrick Lamar's new album??
Hwy
Man writing music is hard
Have you seen Ice Age?
Have you been to the movies lately?
Micheal Jackson, are you a fan?
So do you think Rey is related to Luke Skywalker?
I just found my old Soundgarden CDs.
Have you heard that new song by Bon Iver?
Did you hear about the latest movie news lately?
Hi Jimmy, Mary here.  I am calling to find out if you have seen that latest movie on John Wick, Chapter two
Did you like Frozen?
Who is your favorite band of all time?
Do you know who Stromae is?
What was your favorite Star Wars movie?
Have you heard any good rock songs lately?
the Cleveland Indians are really spinning their wheels so far
You a fan of pop music?
Which team jersey do you like?
Who do you think is the best wide receiver in the NFL right now?
BB-8 is the greatest star wars sidekick of all time!
Did you watch the Yankees game?
Some kind of weather we've been having lately.
Hey, have you heard of Harry Potter?
So do you like American football?
Hey
Do you like star wars?
Pearl Jam is such a timeless band
Do you like movies with Adam Sandler in them?
The Beach Boys were a good band.
Do you like the Star Wars movies?
Can you tell me about the British Invasion?
The first time I saw Up I was full of such emotion.
what's the album from Drake where he sits on a very tall building?
Did you ever take a music cruise?
Man i cannot stand mumble rap
What do you think is the best rom com ever made?
Do you know any old music?
Do,you,like,superhero movies.
So, it seems the Transformers movie franchise continues, eh?
Do you like The National?
Are there any other countries that are interested in Football like we are in the USA?
have you watched all eyez on me?
I used to love Deadspins why your team sucks articles
What is your favorite Avenger movie?
Have you heard THAT'S WHAT I LIKE?
Did you know Metallilca has a new album?
Did you like Anakin Skywalker's turn in Revenge of the Sith?
What is your opinion of Pink Floyd?
Bridesmaids is probably one of my favorite movies of all time.
Have you ever seen this horror film called "Candyman"?
I've heard that the light rock genre is making a comeback.
When did you first listen to the Beatles?
I scored three points at my game today. I've never scored points before.
I like comedy movies a lot
What is your favorite Justin Bieber album?
Do you think either the Cavs or Warriors will go 16-0 during this postseason?
My kids watched Mary Poppins for the first time yesterday, while they were sick.
What hip-hop artist dropped classic first albums in your opinion?
Did you like Clint Eastwoods spaghetti movies?
What do you think of the rule changes the NFL has made?
Do you like love songs?
Man i do not understand why thriller movies are called thrillers
Let it goooo, let it goooo...
Hey there, are you excited about this upcoming football season?
You have to see the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie!
I just saw Jack Reacher: Never Go Back.
What was your favorite Disney movie as a kid?
What's the best action movie you have seen in the 10 years.
Do you like harry potter
I'm tired today because I was up late last night looking online for ideas on what to buy some of the people on my Christmas shopping list.
I miss the explosive scenes of the 90s
Have you seen any of the Harry Potter movies?
Hey, you aren't going to believe this.
Man i think Peter jackson is such a good director
Did you ever see the latest Iron Man?
Have you seen Cars 3 yet?
What's your favorite NFL team?
Have you seen Alien: Covenant yet?
have you ever seen insomnia?
Guess what album I just received as a gift!
Did you see John Lennon and Chuck Berry make a song together?
Have you seen any of the previews for the new Cars movie?
Have you seen the old Airplane movies from the 70s?
What were the earliest forms of music?
What do you think of Michael Jordan?
Who's your favorite character of the whole Marvel Universe?
I can't wait for the new Disney film, Coco.
I loved the Iron Man franchise.
What is your favorite marvel comic Hero character?
I saw Elle last night.
What kind of music do you like?
Do you think that Boogie Cousins and Anthony Davis can co-exist?
Have you seen the real to life Cinderella with Lily James and Cate Blanchett?
Are you a marvel fan or DC when it comes to superheroes?
Are you a big pop music fan?If you call The Beatles pop music,I'm a huge fan.
What is your favorite part in Return of the Jedi?
Which Aladdin movie was your favorite?
What is your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Have you seen any movies this summer?
Hi.
Who can we say are the best male vocalest ever
Have you seen the movie Rough Night?
Who wins the Super bowl this year?
Has anyone seen the new Transformers movie yet?
You know what bugged me in The Force Awakens?
Do you listen to Metallica?
Have you seen Kong: Skull Island?
The next NFL football season is coming up; what did you think of last season?
My girlfriend really likes rap and pop music
I've always thought Terminator was one of the best action movies ever.
What was the name of that actor in the pirate movie we saw?
Do you do the whole March Madness thing?
What is the best Disney movie you have ever seen?
What is your favorite Tove Lo song?
Did you see Batman Vs. Superman?
What was the worst Star Wars movie, in your opinion?
I love that movie Hocus Pocus!
Do you think the Fast & Furious movie franchise should continue making movies?
Did anyone see Power Rangers yet?
Did you see "the others"
What is your favorite album of the year so far?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl VII.
What type of music do you like?
What do you think about Jason Momoa playing aquaman?
I finally seen The shinning.
Have you seen all of the Fast and Furious movies?
Seen any Lifetime movies?
Have you seen the Labyrinth?
You know what I just saw was awesome?  Braveheart.
Hey, what do you think about Katy Perry's new album?
You know when I was a kid I really hated country music?
How about the Rockets just giving up on the series?
Hey have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
I like comedy movies
What are you thoughts on harry potter films?
I can't think of any group today that even comes close in talent to The Beatles.
Hey. Are you play to vocal practice?
Do you like listening to Lady Gaga?
Hey, have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy?
Who is your favorite comedy actor?
Did you ever get to go see Kong: Skull Island?
What did you think of the final Harry Potter movie?
Do you like Katy Perry's music?
That series between the Pens and Caps was impressive.
Have you heard of Sade?
Who do you think will be the biggest letdown this season?
I never saw Disney's Hercules movie, did you?
Hello.
Did you see the new King Kong film?
Has Simon Pegg done any new movies lately?
Are you looking forward to the NFL season?
So did you watch the Grateful Dead doc on prime.
who is the best rapper?
Do you think you'll go see the new Cars movie?
What are your thoughts on Luke Skywalker?
Have you seen Return of the Native?
What is your favorite rock band?
Well I just hope the Falcons get it, really.
have you heard the remix for black and yellow?
Did you get a chance to see John Wick, Chapter 2?
Hey do you listen to pop music?
So, what did you think about the last Harry Potter movie?
Do you like ice hockey?
What do you think is the worst Star Wars movie?
Some artists really last for a long time, longer than you'd expect them to stay popular.
Isn't there some NFL games coming up?
Do you like to Karaoke?
Have you heard nightcall by Kavinsky?
I don't care about LeBron.
Did you see game 4 between the Rockets and Spurs?
Quick question. Who is your favorite Disney villain?
I was listening to the radio this morning and they were playing a Beatles song.
What's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
Want to talk about music
Did you see Airplane?
Hey are you going to watch the super bowl today?
Things just don't feel right in my life unless its football season, how about you?
Who do you think is a stronger singer adlle or beyonce?
Hey have you heard the lates from lindsey sterling.
What did you think of Idris Elba's performance in No Good Deed?
What is your take on all these new Sci-fi films?
What's your favorite scene out of all the Fast & the Furious movies?
What was the most pleasant surprise last year?
Are you a Jennifer Nettles fan?
My daughter loves Selena Gomez.
Do you like Prince?
The best Star Wars movie was the first one.
Have you seen Daddy's Home?
Do you think the Warriors will pull it off this year?
what is your favorite Gaga song?
You like music, right?
Are you a football fan?
You know what would be cool
What is your favorite year of your favorite team?
I wish they would make more musicals.
Did you ever see Prom Night?
Hey, you ever hear of Rag Time?
Have you seen The Wedding Planner?
HAVE YOU HEARD BEE GEES BAND?
So, what do you think of Meek Mill?
Hey what kind of music do you listen to?
Do you know what Disney movie I've always disliked?
So many of my friends went to Ultra Music Festival this year in Miami. It looks great but it didn't play the type of music I like.
What do you think the final side film for Star Wars will be about?
What kind of rock music did you listen to when a kid?
I'm going to a movie this afternoon.
Do you know any good music nowadays?
You ever hear of Devin Townsend?
So what's going on in the NFL?
Every single time I see the Harry Potter movies, I find something new in them.
My favorite STAR WARS character is Luke Skywalker.
Do you think the Cubs can repeat this year?
Can't believe Terminator 2 came out 25 years ago.
What a crazy off-season its been in the AFC East!
Have you ever thought about where NFL teams got their names?
Do you like The Chainsmokers?
So, apparently, Ewan McGregor wants to do an Obi-Wan Kenobi spin-off Star Wars film.
Have you seen the 1st Pirates of the Caribean movie?
What is your favorite baseball club?
I can't believe it's been so long since Snow White and the Seven Dwarves came out.
Are you a Taylor Swift fan?
I really miss 90s rap. The music today just doesn't reach me.
Hey, have you seen any of the Pirate of the Carrbiean movies?
So what's the best concert you've been to?
What kind of music would you like to have at your wedding some day?
I was so sad to hear Robin William killed himself. He was one of the best actors ever.
What's your favorite movie?
I feel like you can't talk about metal without bringing up Slayer.
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Hey man, remember the nineties?
Do you like Method Man?
Who's your all time favorite pop singer?
Do you like the snow scene in The Empire Strikes Back?
Hey wanna play some Ball later?
Who is your favorite comedian?
Have you heard the song Chocolate?
Are you a fan of the National Football League?
Logan really changed the trajectory of superhero films.
Did you decide on a vacation spot this year?
My daughter just loves the High School Musical movies.
Woah, wait a minute. What is this you are listening to?
Did you ever see the Disney movie version of The Sword in the Stone?
Taratino is a hack.
Have you ever heard Ed Sheeran's music?
Do you know The Incredibles is coming out with a sequel?
Will the Oakland Raiders be any good next season?
Hi
Lets talk about football
What did you do this weekend?
Do you like musicals?
It almost NFL time.
Did you like Frozen?
Did you see the game last night?
Are you ready for a good Panther's season this year?
Are you a fan of Coldplay?
People forget Remember the Titans was a disney film
I wonder if Carrie Fisher is going to be in the next film.
I know you're a big fan of Paul McCartney, but what was your opinion of George Harrison?
Do you want to go to a Atlanta Falcons game this year?
Have you seen all the remakes of some of the Disney Classics?
So who will be the worst teams in the NFL in 2017?
I just saw Escape to Witch Mountain.
This song reminds me of my job at the herb garden and of my Aggie.
Who you picking to get to the Superbowl this year?
I just watched Star Wars Episode I for the first time.
I heard a song yesterday that reminded me of "Strawberry Fields Forever." Do you like that song?
So, did you watch any thrillers aside from Taking Lives?  That one's old.
Did you hear they are making a bio pic on the life of Qandeel Baloch?
Football is my favorite sport
Hey, a great baseball movie to watch with your daughter is A League of Their Own.
Hey, aren't you a fan of the Star Wars movies?
Shostakovich is intense, man.
Hi.
Which version of the Parent Trap do you like better?
NFL season's coming up. I sure hope my team does well.
I enjoy long walks in the Nature Park on a nice day!
I love the Red Hot Chili Peppers don't you?
Have you heard of the Arctic Monkeys?
Do you know what the first movie was I saw in the Drive In Theatre?
Did you see the Girl on the Train?
My favorite music genre is country.
What music have you been listening to lately?
It's that time of year again.
Who do you think is the greatest receiver in NFL history?
What was the most impactful animated movie in your life?
I was thinking about that movie La Bamba the other day. I really like that early rock music.
What do you think was the best era for rock music?
What did you like most about Star Wars movies?
Who is the 2017 darkhorse team from the AFC?
Do you like Hey Jude?
Did you know that Disney is making more live action movies?
I saw Lady Gaga at the Super Bowl.
Have you ever seen Garth Brooks in concert?
You know the genre of movies I can't stand watching? Musicals! How about you?
Do you like The Doors?
Frozen was a real block buster wasn't it.
what band do you love most?
Did you see Get Out?
You know, I am tired of a lot of movies they come out with these days.
Name me a movie that you love, that most other people don't like, or make fun of.
Have you ever heard of Flying Lotus?
So you know that the the movie Cars 3 with be in cinemas soon?
It's amazing how much influence Star Wars has on pop culture these days.
Hey.
Do you think that the Beatles are the greatest band of all time?
What's your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Which genre of music do you think has been the most successful?
My favorite Disney movie is Aladdin.  What is your opinion of that movie?
What's your favorite AC/DC song?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
Have you ever seen the movie "The Shining"?
Do you know the song, "Nights in White Satin"?
What movies are coming out that you are looking forward to?
So, have you heard about all the new disney sequels coming out in the next couple years?
Is that Ed Sheeran's new music you are listening to?
Hi there.
Are you looking forward to the upcoming season?
What is your current favorite rapper?
The very first  film that used the stop motion animation was?
what do you wanna see in new star wars
Lets talk about movies
do you like pretty hate machine
Hey, do you know if Carson Palmer is playing another season?
So who do you think are Bruno Mars' influences?
How have you been lately?
What did you think of the Born This Way video?
Where are you going?
I'm a big Britney Spears fan.
I can't wait football season is almost here!
How do you feel about Lady Gaga's music?
I just saw the first Mad Max.
Some of the Beatles songs changed the face of music.
How do you feel about the idea of more regular season games?
I really don't think there has been a good Star Wars movie since The Empire Strikes Back.
Do you remember the movie, 'Treasure Planet?'
How's it going?
you know the part in mulan when they find out she's a girl?
Have you heard RadioHeads earlier stuff?
You ever heard of Greg Howe?
Remember that one song "Work It" from the early 2000s?
Do you like superhero movies?  I was going to go see 'Wonder Woman.'
Hi, have you seen the Star Wars movies?
Have you seen "Get Out"?
What bands have you been into recently?
Have you seen shutter island?
What's your favorite song from a Stephen Sondheim musical?
So how about those Miami running backs?
HI, have you seen the newest Rock movie, Baywatch?
Do you have a minute to talk about movies?
What did you think of Rogue One?
Do you like The Sixth Sense?
How much should I expect to pay for a music theory tutor?
Can you believe Dak Prescott supposedly doesn't provide real autographs?
Did you know Lady Gaga has a foundation called the "Born this way foundation"?
Ringo didn't sing many of the Beatles songs, did he?
Hey there.
I started reading the book The Black Cauldron is based on today.
Are you getting excited about training camp for football?
Did you ever see Fantasia?
How long can the Patriots keep their dynasty going?
I've never seen this album before.
Hey Dave, do you know where my ipod is?
The last album is very good.
Had you ever seen the original Adventures in Babysitting?
Ready for the season?
You're a big fan of the country singer Toby Keith
Hey you see the Cubs at the Reds the other night?
How do you feel about the Lady Gaga and Tony Bennet duo album?
Do you think taylor swift is pop or country?
How long does it take the bus to arrive?
Hey, are you familiar with the film The Losers.
I know you like heavy metal music, and you like science fiction, have you ever heard of Ayreon?
Tom Brady is a very good quarterback.
Did you see Baby Face?
Have  you  seen  Daddy's  home ?
hey harry
How many main people will die in the next movie?
Did you see the game between the Milwaukee Brewers and the  San Diego Padres on Thursday, Mike?
Hey I just watched that new Guardians movie.
I want a Separatist Star Wars film. There I said it.
Do you like any of the new artists out today?
Are you ready for some football?
I've really been into the old thriller movies latetly.
I watched Life the other day and it was a really good Science Fiction horror. It reminded me of a cross between Aliens and Event Horizon.
Hey
Godsmack. They still around?
Guess what may be back in fashion this spring and summer, Sue.
Do you like Linkin Park?
which rapper do you think is the most like tupac
How's it going CJ?
Have you heard of Battle Beyond the Stars?
Do you have a favorite Rocky movie?
What do you think about Despacito, the new song with Luis Fonsi.
Do you feel rock music nowadays compares to the old stuff?
Who do you think is better, Peyton or Eli?
Do you like The Beatles?
It's a good thing you didn't get me those Yankees tickets for my birthday.
Do you have a favorite Stephen King movie?
What did Luke's aunt and uncle do for a living?
Did you ever see The Hunchback of Notre Dame?
What happened to Crosby the other night?
What are you looking forward to most about the upcoming NFL season?
Have you seen Lethal Weapon?
Have you seen Dracula?
Would you shorten the regular season?
I think it would have been awful to live on the Death Star.
Sunday night football is at my house this week.
What happened to 50 Cent?
I need your help with an 80''s playlist.
Are you planning to see the new Stars Wars movie?
do you like the new mgk album
Oh my god, have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
Who do you think created the rock music genre?
So, have you ever heard of pop punk ?
Who's your favorite team this year?
Who would you say is he most overated artist in music?
Hey i got a question for you
I want to get started on gothic rock music but I do not know where to start.
Do you like going to the movies?
Have you heard about the  sexy take on athletic/leisure clothing?
What are your thoughts on club music or music they play at dance clubs?
do you like hip hop or rap music
Hey man, how are you?
Did you see tonight's Met game?
What do you think of the Force Awakens?
Who is your favorite guitarist
Have you heard Lady Gaga's song "The Cure", I think it's newish.
You pumped about less penalties for celebrations?
What do you think of Snoop Dogg?
Hey what's your favorite scary movie?
So, have you gone to any baseball games lately?
Here's one thing I find confusing about the Star Wars franchise... well, one of several of things, really, but this is a big one.
When did you first start listening to Lady Gaga?
You know who I miss and what's missing from football these days?
Will anyone break Peyton Manning's passing record for yardage?
Did you ever see any classic rock bands live?
I went and saw Bye Bye Man in the theatre with my friend.
I love rock and roll music!
Do you realize Hugo Weaving is in just about every movie you ever liked?
So, this guy Marshall Bruce Mathers III, does he really do hip-hop?
Did you see Katy Perry's performance on SNL last week?
What did you wear to the party last night?
Did you ever play the guitar?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
Schonberg's music most certainly has symmetry. He even talks about it.
Hey Joey!
So best rock band? Led Zeppelin or the Stones?
Do you like Deftones?
Who owes the Washington Redskins?
I found an actual snake in my husband's boot.
Hi, have you ever listened to or heard of the music group called Enigma?
What are you up to this weekend?
Are you coming over tonight to go to the game?
Have you seen Rogue One yet?
Whose your favorite NFL team?
Have you ever been to the stadium in Arizona where the Cardinals play?
I've been listening to the Siriux XM Lithium channel lately.
What do you like about pop music?
Did you see the game between the Red Sox and the Indians?
Hey, how you doing?
Have you seen all of the Star Wars movies?
I don't like the way younger people dress these days?
Who are you listening to right now?
Do you know any good vampire movies I could watch?
Did you watch the last Avengers film?
Let's talk about music
You ever listen to REM?
I finally rented the 2017 version of Beauty and the Beast.
who do you think has a unique voice in Music?
What kind of rock do you like
What was the name of Eminem's first song?
You ever listen to Beyonce?
Did you see the Royals and Orioles game yesterday?
What is your favorite Stephen King movie?
How do you feel about the prequels?
What do you like about football?
Hi
How long do you think Tom Brady will keep playing?
I'm in the mood for a classic thriller movie. Recommendations?
Did you finally watch the new Star Wars movie?
I watched a cool movie last night on demand
The horror genre intrigues me, but I have to admit that I don't know many good horror movies to see.
Do you like any of Stanley Kubrick's movies?
Have you seen all the Star Wars movies?
So who do you think will be the NFL's top rookie this year?
Van Halen was a really good eighties band.
Hey have you heard that Adele song, rolling in the deep?
What folktale do you think Disney's going to go for next?
Can you believe some of the weird names that NFL players have?
Have you seen Beauty and the Beast yet?
Did you see puege play last night?
Hello.
Are you a beatles fan?
hey, yesterday's movie was awesome huh?
Did you ever listen to Red and Blue EP by Lady Gaga?
Do you like Britney Spears?
Are you gong to see the tupac movie ?
Football is right around the corner.
Corinne Bailey Rae has such an incredible voice.  Do you know her?
I miss parody films. I wish they'd come back.
Have you seen any good movies about gambling lately?
Do you like the Star Wars movies?
I have this really old thriller movie on my mind lately and I can't remember what it's called.
Do you like the Simpson's
Are the Chiefs going go to repeat as AfC West Champs?
I was watching this show that showcased an Italian man carving a cameo.
Have you see the new Harry Potter movie?
Be honest, were you pulling for Anakin even though you knew how he would end up?
Do you like Francis Ford Coppola movies?
You're a metal fan, right?
Who is that you're listening to?
You remember when Halle Berry played a phone operator and she went after a killer?
What NFL team do you hate?
do you think gagas songs are about herself?
What do you want to do tonight?
I cannot get this song out of my head
Want to hear a joke?
I can't believe training camp is a month away.
Are you familiar with the twilight zone?
I want to learn to play something
Are you ready for the Steelers this year?
I saw The Little Mermaid.
I know you mentioned that you liked 112 from back in the day, they had so many great hits.
what do you think about Lady GAGA
What is your favorite football team?
I just saw Three Extremes.
Have you seen the movie Cinderella?
What did you think about Lady Gaga's album Artpop?
Do you remember Roy Scheider?
Hey Jerry, I bet you will never guess what my first words were.
Who does Manning guy play for?
Are you a fan of Metallica?
So what is the deal with Jacksonville?
So what's your favorite classic thriller?
What is your favorite band of all time?
Who played in the movie Precious?
Hi friendo
So did you see the new mummy movie?
Whatever happened to U2?
What's the scariest movie you ever seen?
Do you remember s club 7
I gotta say i love movies that are not in english
Do you listen to All Songs Considered on NPR?
Have you seen the Equalizer before?
I think Tangled is the best Disney movie ever made.
I think Yellow submarine is a weird album
So, here's something interesting, I'm told there's some fans who are working on editing a re-release of the original Stars Wars movie.
Did you know that the Lion King is based on Hamlet?
Man this new band is cool
Do you think rock is as good as it used to be?
what movie soundtrack did you enjoy and buy?
Hey, what's your favorite newer Disney movie?
Have you watched any Wes Anderson movies recently?
Tell me more about ethnomusicology -- the study of the social aspects of music.
Have you ever heard of a thriller staring Andy Griffith?
One of my favorite passtimes is watching movies. Do you like to watch movies?
Have you heard the new album from The Fleet Foxes?
lets talk male vocals who is the best
Does your family have any traditional movies you watch around Halloween?
Do you listening to rock regularly?
Do you think ringo and Paul McCartney will ever tour together.
You'll never guess what I watched with the kids last night.
Is rod Stewart still touring?
Hey my daughter is having a play this weekend about "The Little Mermaid" do you want to go?
Let's talk a bit about some of these intermediary films. Do you think Rogue One was a proper Star Wars film?
hey what do you think of the Beatles ?
Which Star Wars film trilogy do you like best?
I think Disney is doing a pretty good job with Star Wars.
Did you hear A Perfect Circle is touring again?
Name a movie with a title that makes no sense
Do you ever watch bad movies on purpose?
Did you see Tool last night?!
Are you a Beatles fan?
What's the best Star Wars movie?
Hi.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Do you ever listen to instrumental music?
Who do you think makes the playoffs in ncaa football this season?
I read that The Incredibles 2 is supposed to come out next year!
Are you going to Glastonbury this weekend?
What was your favorite era of hip-hop.
I watched this documentary on Steve Jobs.
Football season isn't too far off!
Have you seen national treaure?
I miss watching Lilo and Stitch, we should see it again some time.
How do you feel about Colin Kaepernick?
It is so good to enjoy music you haven't heard in so long.
What are your  recent favorite movies?
Did you ever watch the movie about Biggie?
Have you seen the new Cars movie?
Do you listen to hardcore punk?
Do you like the artist Britney Spears?
I went to the beach today.
What do you think is the best musical Disney movie?
Hey!  I scored tickets to see Coldplay!
Are you going on vacation this year?
The Lion King is one of my favorite Disney movies. How about you?
Do you think NFL football is too violent?
do you like pop music
I went to the movies last weekend.
What good thrillers have you seen recently?
So what are you planning on doing today?
Have you seen the crazy money going around the NFL right now?
Who's your favorite director?
Did you know I've never listened to The Beatles?
What did you think of the movie Beauty and the Beast.
Hey have you seen The original release of Star Wars Episode 4?
Who is your favorite wide receiver currently in the league?
Do you like the Beatles?
Have you heard of LMFAO?
Are your kids still into Frozen?
Hey mom did you by chance see my blue button up I always wear?
Did you hear about Disney getting hacked in May?
So have you heard the theory about Rey?
You know what was an underrated movie?  The Fugitive.
Hi.
Do you know who is the highest paid football player of all time?
What is you favorite 90's band?
So, what kind of music do you listen to?
Have you ever seen One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest?
I am excited about the new Toy Story movie.
do you like twenty one pilots
I wished rap music could be like it used to be.
How do you like the concert experience?
Hi.
So, what's your favorite movie?
What kind of movies do you like?
what songs do you feel artist regret passing on?
What was the last Ben Affleck movie you watched?
I am ready for football.
What is your favorite superhero movie?
Did the 80's have good bands?
What did you think of The Beatle's "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" and the songs on that album?
Do you watch movies
The Hawks organization is influx
Dude you seen step brothers?
What genres make up pop music?
Who do you think is favored to win the afc this year.
Who is your favorite Supervillian?
Have you seen the Harry Potter movies?
I love how music artists help during disasters and tragedies. It's inspiring that they use music as a force for good when bad things happen.
I feel like Return of the Jedi was the best film in the series.
Did you ever see Risky Business?
Who do you think is the MVP?
Have you been watching the NBA playoffs at all?
I'm not a huge fan of pop music
Do you know if Elton John won top selling artist in any year?
hamilton was the best thing for hip hop in years, i swear
Have you seen the latest Fast and the Furious movie?
I saw a strange movie the other night.
What is your favorite comedy movie of all time?
do you know elliott smith
Have you heard of Cloakroom?
Are you still a fan of the Bungles?
Hey do you remember The New Kids on the Block.
I wished we could do something fun.
What do you think happened to Tupac?
Dude which movie do you want me to rent from Amazon Prime?
Have you heard of Calvin Harris?
Did you see the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
Who do you think is better, Kendrick Lamar or J. Cole?
how are you
It's funny how I never believed Episode III was the last Star Wars film.
Did you watch the Cubs vs Yankees game?
Have you seen the movie Blood Father?
Are you into ice hockey at all?
How do you like Jacksonville's chances this year?
Hey, what do you think about football?
I will! I'm not a big fan of alternative indie-pop.
I can't stand screamo-
Have you seen Rough Night?
who is the strongest sith?
Do you like any animated movies?
Michael Jackson had some awesome career.
Hey! Have you heard Katy Perry's new song?
What do you think of the Bills chances?
So what is your opinion of the movie suicide squad
Do you like Justin Bieber?
Have you watched a Harry Potter film lately.
It's a real shame about the Blues not advancing to the finals, isn't it?
Who is a good action hero?
So, do you think Colin Kapernick is done with football?
I really liked the movie 21 Jump Street. Did you see it?
Are you a fan of the Beatles?
Do you remember when Dumbledore died?
Do like the music videos from lady gaga?
Did you see the game this Saturday with the Warriors?
Johnny Depp must really love playing Captain Jack Sparrow in The Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
What was the best scene in the Empire Strikes Back?
there is this song that was playing the club yesterday
Do you wanna play a game?
Who do you think's going to win the NBA finals this year?
i love rap so much it's a cool way to past time
Did you enjoy the sixth sense?
Have you seen the new movie Fast & Furious 8?
When was the last time you went to a cinema to see a movie?
I'm thinking of watching a movie today.
Have you ever seen Kill Bill?
Can you believe it - the new NFL season is almost here.
What are you feeling on lana del rey?
Have you seen any of the Fast and Furious movies?
Are you a fan on Jack Nicholson?
Have you seen a movie on Netflix called The Curve?
Have you seen mr and mrs smith?
I really miss the NFL at the moment!
Do you like Beyonce?
Have you ever seen Shaun of the Dead.
I just finished watching Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire!
Hey, what do you think of the Beatles?
I saw the Disney movie"The Lion King", last night on TV it was good.
I heard Lady GaGa is going on tour this year!
I saw the new Beauty in The Beast movie last night.
Hey have you heard of the Band Perry
I feel like writing a letter to Metallica.
Who's your top 5 NBA players right now?
What do you think about Christmas music?
Are you looking forward to football season?
Hello.
So, in Harry Potter, Trewlaney was usually pretty spot on.
Who is the better pop artist Rhianna or Taylor Swift
Why didn't they call that icing?
Have you ever seen the original Terminator film?
How many Super bowls did the Steelers win?
Do you think you will come see Ludacris this fall with me?
You know what's on tonight? Check it out, "Avatar".
I've always had trouble with the Star Wars timeline.
Have you seen the movie The Incredibles?
Hey Mark! How you doing?!
have you ever seen little miss sunshine?
After watching last year's Super Bowl, it got me thinking. What is the biggest choke job in NFL history?
Did you ever listen to Sam Smith?
I was really sad when George Michael passed away.
Remember that Sith Lord in the STAR WARS movies?
Would you like to come over and hang out?
Did you like Toy Story?
Did you see The Empire Strikes Back when it first came out?
Have you heard the new Ed Sheeran album?
Man i am finally getting around to the new spiderman movie
Kevin Durant was on fire last night. Did you see the game?
What do you think of Lady Gaga's music?
Do you like Sleeping Beauty?
I just heard "Shut up and Dance." I haven't heard that song in over a year.
What do you think of when you think of Christmas music?
Do you love that Moonstruck movie with Cher?
Did you watch Guardians of the Galaxy?
I am getting ready to plan a party for this weekend, would you like to come?
Do you enjoy the Avatar movie?
Have you seen the lego movie?
hey what do you think about star wars boot up?
Did you like the latest Beauty and the Beast?
Did you see The Dark Knight trilogy?
Do you like pop music?
hey have you heard the new Drake album
Whats your favorite comedy movie?
Man, How about the playoffs this year?
BFG is such a weird name for a Disney movie, don't you think?
Have you ever seen the movie "Beauty and the Beast"?
I was reading this morning about how the Wonder Woman movie broke a record.
What is your favorite movie?
Football please combe back on TV!
What is your favorite sounding instrument?
Which star wars movie is your favorite?
Did they not say that they were coming out with a part two to "The Incredibles" movie?
What is your favorite movie of all time?
Who is your favorite actor in the Harry Potter movies?
Are you excited to see the new Cars 3 movie?
Hey
Do you think they will ever make any Alladin sequels?
What did you think of 47 Meters Down?
Have you seen the last Star War?
Did you ever see the thriller movie Vacancy?
Do you know the song "Boondocks"?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Did you see the Matrix?
Do you like romantic comedies?
I love the song "How Far I'll Go" from Moana.
How was your weekend?  Did you do anything interesting.
Hi.
It looks like it will be the Warriors and Cavaliers again in the NBA Finals this year.
Do you think The Dark Knight is as good of a movie as people remember it?
What is a good movie about airplanes?
Wow, I love this song!
I love band perry
Did you watch Pete's Dragon?
Have you ever listened to much 80s country?
Are you into pop music at all?
I have a gripe about NCAA basketball.
Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
Hey, so you think the Falcons will be able to make it back to the super bowl?
Hey do you like the Beatles?
I saw you dancing.
Do you have a favorite thriller-type movie?
Hey, what do you think about football?
What are your thoughts on the new Mummy movie?
How many movies have you seen in your lifetime?
I was so excited about the first new Star Wars Movie.
twenty-one pilots are not rock music
Did you see that Moana was added to Netflix?
What is your favorite Harry Potter movie?
Isn't the new Transformers movie coming out soon?
I wonder if Pocahontas won any Academy Awards.
I never know what to make of the NFC Central. Do you?
Do you think the St. Louis Blues will trade Jake Allen?
what's your favorite star wars movie?
Aaron Judge sure turned things around this year, didn't he?
Hey hows it going?
Do you like Metallia?
Who sang that song about Anne Frank?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I love the song with ja rule and Jennifer Lopez
Have you seen that Matt Damon movie where his character is not who he appears to be?
Little Fang is basically the Monster Mash of our generation
What is your all-time favorite movie?
Have you heard the new song Body Like A Backroad?
So, are you a football fan?
Lets talk about the star wars series
What kind of music are you into?
Hey, how is it going?
What is the most recent movie you have seen?
Do you like movie Iron Man 3?
Favorite old, old movie?
Do you know my greatest disappointment in technology in my life was the first time I heard a CD?
Hey.
Do you listen to Coldplay? They are my favorite band of all time!
Who's your favorite rap artist
When does the upcoming NFL Season start?
Are you interested in Star Wars at all?
I wish Nirvana was still around.
Who are your favorite comedy movie actors?
I finally saw Light's Out!
Which Harry Potter movie did you like the best?
I love the song Sweet Dreams Are Made of This by Eurythmics.
Lets talk about the nfl
I need your opinion
Hi there
Have you seen Rogue One?
Have you seen the movie Get Out yet?
What's your favorite Adam Sandler movie?
What are you planning on doing today?
I think Rubber soul is a unique album
What do you think about the penalties the refs call?
Have you seen Suicide Squad yet?
What was the best comedy to come out in the 90s?
I'm not sure if I want to see 'Dunkirk' or not.
wHAT GENRE IN YOUR FAVORITE TYPE OF MUSIC?
OK. Do you love Pokemon: The First Movie?
What do you think about Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice?
Who is better, the cure or the smiths?
Do you like any rap artists?
The Haunted Mansion was on HBO today.
What was the last concert you went to?
What are you listening to?
Have you heard the song Black Hole Sun?
Have you heard the latest song from Thomas Rhett?
have you ever seen a movie called corrina corrina
The best movie was Empire Strikes back for sure.
do you think the Seahawks will win their division this year?
What are your thoughts on the remastering of Episodes 4, 5, and 6?
How are you doing today?
How about the Red Sox scoring 10 runs in the ninth inning yesterday
The soundtrack in The Force Awakens was kind of weak.
My son wants to watch "an old adventure movie.' Got any ideas?
Do you know that the first movie came out in the 1800's?
What is your favorite movie?
I wish I saw Sully in the theatres.
I can't believe how wonderful Moana was!
Who do you think is the best RB ever?
Did you ever hear Lets Get Free?
I'm really confused about the patronuses.
How long have you listened to pop music?
It's playoff season in hockey town right now, who are you rooting for?
I also think the Disney movies have an appeal for adults.
I'm looking to buy a CD for my dad's birthday. What do you think I should get?
So what do you think of the Raveonettes?
Let's talk about music.
Are you looking forward to football starting up again?
Have you heard of any good Jazz music lately?
Have you heard of the Cowboys 2016 draft pick Jaylon Smith before?
Who is the better actress who plays Mystique?
I wish the movies did not cut out parts of harrys home life
Do you like the Beatles?
I'm listening to Justin Timberlake!
Who do you think are the most famous players in the NFL?
Do you ever listen to popular music on the radio?
I hate most things to do with racing
Have you ever seen Blow?
Have you ever watched He's Just Not That Into You?
Okay, so, which Steven Spielberg movie is your favorite?
Would you be surprised if the Philadelphia Eagles won the Superbowl next year?
What kind of music do you like to listen to?
What's your favorite movie?
What is your favorite Ron Howard film?
Have you seen all the fast and furious movies?
What did you think of Moonlight that won the Academy Award for best picture?
Have you seed RIGHT BY MY SIDE?
You know there's no move I about making a movie.
Do you play any instruments?
who do you think the greatest quarterback ever was?
Okay, who was your favorite Star Wars Alien?
Why do you think John Lennon is a hypocrite?
The Harry Potter movies have a lot of dark scenes.
Who is your favorite N'Sync member?
RGIII
I want to know who your favorite female pop star is!
I love harry potter
I'm so glad that the Penguins tied the series.
Hey! Long time, no see...
Do you like the original cartoon Jungle Book or the live action Jungle Book better?
Do you like miley cyrus?
What's your favorite genre of music?
The Super Bowl is such a fascinating phenomenom. It's like a holiday but not.
Did you know that Rihanna was in the movie Home?
Have you seen that movie Sisters?
I know you love the original Star Wars trilogy.
Will the Bengals ever Fire Marvin Lewis?
Have you seen the Martin Lawrence movie Big Mama's House?
Eleven months ago Rag'n' Bone Man put out a song named Human.  Have you heard it?
Did you see the Frozen movie
You say that NFL football is your favorite sport to watch.
What do you think of satillite radio?
Have you seen a cinderella story?
Have you heard the new Ed Sheeran album?
Do you like the Star Wars movies?
Are you a fan of old movies?
Wiill you be watching and NFL games this season?
I wish it would come sooner
Did you prefer Cinderella or Snow White?
Did you see the game between South Carolina and Gonzaga?
Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken was such a good movie
I really liked that movie Deadpool.
Besides, superheroes began wide circulation by the way of the comics long before the movies were made
What do you think about pop music these days?
What was your favorite band in college.
Hey, what is your favorite genre of music?
Hey, I just read an article in a magazine about a Disney movie that's coming out.
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
Let's talk about music
Do you like Jurassic Park?
What's your favorite 80s movie?
Do you have a favorite comedy movie?
Have you heard Carly Rae Jepsen's new song yet?
I am trying to figure out how to get into the whole Star Wars movies.
Have you ever heard of Alkaline Trio?
What are your thoughts on superhero movies?
Who are you crowning for MVP this year?
Did you see "Cars 3"?
Speaking of pop music, do you think the format of it has changed over the years?
How long will Ben Affleck play Batman?
Have you heard Creed's last album?
How do you feel about rap music?
I didn't realize that Disney had readapted Winnie the Pooh in 2011!
How did you feel about moana?
Can we talk about Kendrick Lamar's music?
Hi.
What kind of movies do you like?
Do you remember the 2000 Seattle Seahawks?
Do you like star wars?
Can you name all the seven dwarfs?
What do you think of the new SZA album?
so who is your favorite team?
Have you seen any good action movies lately?
I love the Beatles music.
What did you think about Disney's Maleficent?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Who's the top high school football player in Pennsylvania?
do you like chance?
Did you see any of the Marvel superhero movies?
Have you seen the latest rumor for The Last Jedi?
Have you heard of Soundgarden?
Have you heard of that show The Usual Suspects?
I like the chamber of secrets
What comedy movie is one of your favorites?
Have you heard of people seeing musical notes as colors?
Do you like Justin Bieber's music?
Hi.
I think my favorite thing about Beauty and the Beast is the setting and atmosphere.
I heard theyr'e coming out with some more Potter spin offs.
I have seen so many comedies.
I hate jumping on bandwagons.
What were your favorite Disney movies as a kid?
I just watched 21 Jump Street.
Is The Mist a Stephen King book?
You know, I was thinking about prequel films the other day.
I think that the older movies are better.  Have you ever seen Rear Window?
Who was your favorite Backstreet Boy?
Lets talk about movies
Have you heard of Henry Pines?
I've never gotten around to seeing Zootopia. You've seen it before, right?
Did you catch Disney's Moana.
What's your favorite genre of music?
I think it's just a matter of time the NFL will have women coaching their teams.
What is the best Schwarzenegger Action movie?
Did you see the Beatles Cirque show?
Who is your favorite Disney princess?
Are you excited for the Dallas Cowboys this season?
did you see the dodger game last night?
Do you remember the Scream movies?
What was your favorite Star Wars character?
YOu know of this odd type of rap
What is your favorite James Cameron movie.
Do you have any connections to any booking agents?
This whole week has been my Pantera week!
Is DC ever going to come close to Marvel in terms of film success?
Do you like music from musicals?
What did you think of Joy?
Do you like Pulp Fiction?
Do you ever listen to house music?
I was thinking about rock bands from the 80's today. Were you ever a Rush fan?
What is your favorite holiday movie?
What are your thought on he new UFC fight kits?
What do you think about Frank Ocean?
Do you watch baseball often?
Hi have you seen the movie Get out?
What did you think of Kilo Ren in the Force Awakens?
what's your second favorite pop singer?
Who are the greatest athletes to ever play in the NFL?
I miss the NFL season!
Who is the most scary Annabelle or Chucky?
The best hotdog ever.
Hey there.
Do you have any plans for the weekend?
What do you think about the 49ers this year?
Do you think Puff Daddy was a good rapper?
Hey, what kind of music do you like?
What's your favorite Sandra Bullock movie?
So what is your favorite rock band?
Hey man you like the new movie that came out
Have you seen the Jennifer Lawrence Dior handbag ad?
I'm trying to get a group together to play music. Know anyone?
What's your favorite rap song of all time?
Who is your favorite current female singer?
What movies are you interested in seeing?
My friend played me this crazy tuba piece today!
When someone asks you what kind of music do you like what is your usual response? Do you say one or two catgories?
Hey, fellow nerd. Do you prefer Marvel or DC Comics for their movies?
Did you see that new Tom Cruise movie?
Let's talk about football.
Hey are you looking forward to the upcoming NFL season?
what do you think of joanne by gaga?
Have you ever seen the Exorcist?
What do you think of the American League so far this year?
Which Star Wars movie do you like best?
Do you know Jeff Tweedy?
What is your opinion of rap music?
I want to rent a movie tonight got any suggestions
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
We saw the remake of the Magnificent Seven on dvd recently.
What song always cheers you up?
Hey have you seen blue stahli's ice bucket challenge video?
Did you hear that they're making a new verison of the movie The Lion King?
who do you think the best running backs are going to be next year
The NFL season is getting really close!
So I was in my car driving last night and that Bad Romance song came on.
What's your favorite action movie?
Hey man, do you listen to the Beatles?
Have you seen The Skeleton Key?
I don't know anything about the history of the NFL. What can you tell me.
I like the animated Beauty and the Beast better I think
Have you heard of the music group" Air "Supply"?
Do you think Bill Belichick will retire when Brady does?
Do you listen to Swing music?
Do you like Bruce Sprigstien?
Who is your favorite droid?
I rewatched Snow White the other day.
What did you think of the set list for the Super Bowl?
What's your favorite food?
I was really surprised to see how great Ariane Grande is.
Are you a fan of oldies?
Have you seen American Psycho?
Hey Jim, why so glum?
Do you like new rock?
Did you see Moana is on Netflix?!
What's with all the football hype?
I heard you're kind of an expert on films, is that true?
You know, I've never been into Star Wars.
Last night I finally saw a movie you told me about like two years ago.
Is Eminem your favorite rapper?
Did you ever see the Sixth Sense?
Do you have an extra guitar string?
What do you think about the Carolina Panthers this season?
Did you see Moana.
Do you know what the most watched TV event is?
Have you seen the new transformers movie
Ever seen Platoon?
Whats your favorite Star Wars movie character?
Looking at the upcoming schedule for the NFL, what games interesting games stand out?
Is your shuffle working? I think I've heard the same guy for the last 3 songs.
Is Britney Spears pop?
You know what movie I recently watched again?  'Hercules.'
One of my favorite Lady Gaga songs is Bad Romance.
Do you think Olivia Newtown John was a good pop singer?
Do you listen to classic rock?
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
Let's talk about the Queen of Pop!
Would you rate the Beatles as the greatest rock band of all time?
What did you think of the remake of the movie "Point Break"?
That Bryce Harper extension was a shocker.
Why do you think Johnny Maziel was such a bust?
Did you hear about Jimmy Fallon and Milley Cyrus?
I just watched the new Beauty and the Beast!
So what's your take on the whole time travel genre of movies? I have seen a fees advertised lately.
So any new natural disaster movies?
I love to watch old school Star wars movies how about you?
What did you think of this new remake of Beauty and the Beast?
What are you listening to these days?
Do you remember who played in the first Super Bowl?
Do you think James Franco wants to do only comedies?
Did you see Wolf of Wall Street?
Have you ever seen any bands live?
What do you think of Queen?
Are you familiar with Amon Amarth?
So if I'm going to do this John Carpenter thing, where do I start? Do I just do them in sequence?
Who is your all-time favorite band?
Who was Obi Wan Kenobi's Master?
I loved the Disney movie Little Mermaid.
When are they going to make a sleeping beauty remake?
Who are you listening to?
Did you see the Tweet about Lady Gaga?
Who is your all time favorite rock band?
So what do you think about all the new Star Wars movies?
Whats the most recent thriller movie you've seen?
Have you seen the new Fast & Furious movie yet?
Hey, are you an Arcade Fire fan?
Have you ever watched The Purge?
Hey, what are you listening to?
Lets talk about music
I just sat through Toy Story with my nephew and boy do I miss the old Disney movies.
You like mob movies?
What type of music are you listening to these days?
What do you think of the older disney animation films?
What do you want to talk about
You like The Beatles, right?
Have you seen the new movie Moana?
Have you seen that movie Moonlight that won best picture?
I cannot stand thrillers
There are as many types of movies to see as there are prople that like them.  Which types do you like?
Afternoon.
Do you like inspirational movies?
What are some of the best movies about nothing?
Are you a fan of K-pop
Are you still a San Francisco 49ers fan ?
So have you seen "Finding Nemo"?
Are you listening to the Beatles?
What is your favorite genre of music?
What do you think about the newest Star Wars cast?
have you heard of  avatar?
Have you seen Alice in Wonderland?
What do you think are the best thriller movies in the last, four or so years?
Did you hear they're going to remake Mary Poppins?
I want to see the movie WarCraft, did you see it?
Remember The Village?
Can we talk about the trucker from the original The Fast and The Furious?
Who is your favorite actress?
Do you think the league has its hand on the domestic violence issue?
Lets talk about disney movies
Hey there.  You excited about the upcoming season?  What's your team?
Do you still listen to the Backstreet Boys?
TIm!  Are you coming over to watch the game tonight?
Are you a big fan of Ed Sheeran?
I recently just watched Moana on Netlix. Have you seen it?
What is America's favorite pass time?
Did you hear that Bruce Springsteen actually wrote a song for the first Harry Potter movie? It wasn't used though.
Do you like Pop Music?
Pre-Season  is just about here. I can't wait
Who do you think is the top running back right now?
Hey, how you doing? What's that you're listening to?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Man i got an opinion some people give me flack for
What's your favorite thriller movie?
What's your favorite NFL team?
How long has it been since you're seen the movie Aladdin?
Who is your favorite fashion designer?
Are you excited about the new Despicable Me movie?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Have you been keeping up with the Marvel movies and the time line?
Do,you like Molly Hatchett?
You see 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' yet?
There's only a couple more months and then the wait is finally over!
I rewatched the movie Wall-E last night.
Hey, so with everything going on in music these days, is there anything that really stands out for you?
Don't you feel something special about the Star Wars films?
The Raid: Redemption is one of the best action movies ever.
And Jessica Lange's gold earrings and necklace accented her Vera Wang little black cocktail dress greatly.
I finally watched Fantasia
You know what I think is the dumbest way to use the running back is?
Ever seen the Usual Suspects?
Do you thing the Rock and Vin love eachother?
Did you hear about all the new Disney movies based on animated films?
How many songs to do you have in itunes?
Whoa! Look at that!
Do you like the Oakland Raiders?
Do you know what kind of music your parents like best?
Were you a Backstreet Boys and an N'sync fan?
Hardcore Henry was such an invigorating action movie!
Have you seen the original Star Wars movie?
Did you ever get into Disco music?
I don't get all the hype for Frozen when it came out.
I can't wait for the NFL to start!
Do you like 90's Pop music at all?
Have you seen any new movies lately?
What's your favorite series of movies?
How do you feel about war movies?
Do you like Liam Neeson?
I saw a movie called One Week the other day.
have you watched the third pokemon movie
What was that movie with Liam Neeson in it?
I just watched the Expendables, have you seen it?
hey do you have a favorite disney movie?
How do you think The Last Jedi will be?
Have you ever listened to the Beatles?
Do you like the Smiths?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Who is one of the highest paid quarterbacks in the NFL
What is the best part of Brave?
Wow, there are a few surprises going on in baseball this year.
Have you ever experienced crystal bowl music?
Hi there.
I really like Twenty One Pilots.
What do you think of the Seahawks chances?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
I wonder who the oungest QB to win the superbowl is...
Have you ever seen memento?
Do you have a favorite actor by any chance?
It is Friday night! I am in the mood to see a good thriller movie!
Have you seen Rogue One: A Star Wars Story?
If you could become a part of a Disney movie, which would you pick?
What's your favorite soundtrack?
What defines a rock and roll band?
What do you think of the new Disney movie, Moana?
What do you think of the new Metallica album?
Which one of the boy bands was your favorite from the 90's? We both grew up then.
When was Wait Until Dark made?
It must have been something to live in Manhattan in the 1970s.
I like the movie TOP GUN.
Do you like movies
What do you think of heavy metal?
Have you seen the 1970's movie The Warriors?
Did you ever get to see Black Swan?
What movie are you most looking forward to this year?
do you have a favorite Pixar film
I can't stand music today. I feel like true artists are gone.
I cannot wait for them to make the live action version of Aladdin. It is my favorite Disney movie.
Do you have a favorite Star Wars scene?
Have you seen any of The Beatles movies?
Did you see the movie crash?
This year has been crazy for music releases, huh?
What do you think of Bjork?
Have you seen The Arrival yet?
Remember when Aaliyah passed away?
Did you see Assassin's Creed?
Hey, do you like rap or hip-hop?
Can you believe how many fast and the furious movies there are?
Would you like to make some popcorn and watch a movie?
So, what did you think of Rogue One?
I don't get what distinguishes heavy metal from hard rock.
Hi are you listening to Lady Gaga?
What do you think of Bryan Adams?
I want to watch Peter Pan again!
Hey, you want to hang together this weekend?
I don't keep up with pop music is much as I used to, but there are few artists I like.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
If you could see any musician in concert, who would it be?
Do yoou know that there are a lot of mistakes in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs?
Let's talk about some music.
I like to set my alarm to play music to wake me up.  Have you ever done that?
Did you see that tackle
What did you think about Return of the Jedi.
Do you like Spielberg?
Do you have a favorite movie?
I feel bad for Peter Craws.
I think Donald is Funny
I really think Tom Brady is going to win.
Hi.
Hey look, When A Stranger Calls is coming on tonight.
Do you think the Seahawks will get back to the Superbowl this season?
Did you see that Haruki Murakami has a new book out?
So what did you think about star wars rogue?
I hate how the books deviate from the movies so much
Guardians of the Galaxy
Have you seen any Will Ferrell movies?
Do you like the movie the Little Mermaid?
Hey sweetie. You having a good day at work?
My Cowboys couldn't pull through last night.
How do you like the Detroit Tigers?
I saw Taken on You Tube last night.
Have you heard Let it be… Naked?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
What you doing?
What do you think of the music in Little Mermaid?
Why were the Bears so bad last year?
What is the scariest movie that you've ever watched?
What's your favorite Beatle song?
Did you see The Great Wall?
Have you been listening to any Lady Gaga lately?
What NFL team do you like?
Did you catch the draft?
Did you hear that Penn State is hosting its first concert in the football stadium?
Have you heard they are remaking the movie "IT?"
Do you follow the Billboard charts.
Are you a fan of Rob Zombies movies?
In Star Wars Episode one, Return of the Sith, is Padme the queen or is Amadala?
Wanna talk about movies?
Hello.
I wonder why Katy worked with Migos on Bon Appetit.
Did you know they're coming out with another Ring movie?
When you first saw Star Wars, what did you think when  it showed Darth Vader was Luke's dad?
Do you think anime movies will ever be treated seriously by the Academy Awards?
Hey, where are you going to see the game?
Have you ever heard of Black Veil Brides?
I really liked the movie Moana.
What do you think are the Browns going to turn it around this year?
Have you ever seen Jaws?
Have you heard of Royksopp?
how do you like bruno mars
Any kids movies out ?
What do you think Gagas best album is
Did you see that recent Disney movie
This movie is awesome
What's the last band you saw in concert?
Do you know rick Ross?
What team wears purple?
Help! I can't get that Do What I want song by Lil Uzi Vert out of my head.
Which Italian fashion designer launched the first virtual online museum in December 2011?
I'm still bitter about George Lucas re-editing the middle three movies.
Were you ever a Nirvana fan?
Hey Tony, have you seen that movie about time travel?
So, two new Nine Inch Nails releases this year.
Who is better?
Hey do you know when the Steelers first game is?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Have you seen The return of the Jedi?
Did you watch the Braves and Blue Jays last night?
Have you seen 1408?
Quarterbacks these days are so babied by the league.
its 4am
Who do you think Supreme Leader Snoke is?
How is Jose Bautista still in the league?
Have you watched any good horror movies recently?
I love Lady Gaga, do you?
Will the Patriots Repeat?
Is J.J Watt the greatest defensive player of all time?
Have you ever watched the Godfather trilogy?
Have you seen the latest Star wars movie?
Who is your least-favorite classical composer.
You never did mind spoilers, right? Mind if I throw out some spoilers now?
Are you listening to Queen? I love Freddie!
What do you think of Bon Iver?
Have you seed RIGHT BY MY SIDE by Nicki Minaj?
Would you like to know what movie I watched yesterday?
Are you going to any concerts this summer?
Yes, although it was even more violent.
Hey what kind of music are you into?
I was listening to some Jazz music the other night and I loved it! Do you know any good Jazz musicians I could listen to?
Would you consider The Beastie Boys to be rap?
The Social Network was a great film.
We need more Chewbacca backstory!
Have you seen The Conjuring?
Hey! Are you going to the ball game today?
Have you been following the NFL thjis off season?
I'd like to hear about the Miami Dolphins.
So, are you suprised that The Chainsmokers have hot the pop music charts?
Here's a fun fact. Star Wars Episode I was the only prequel film to be shot on actual celluloid film.
Do you remember the Evil Dead series?
Have you heard about the Knuckleballer who is the 1st woman in West Coast League?
What's your favorite music genre?
Do you think that patterns will work well this summer?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Man, Bleachers is one of the best things to come out of New Jersey in a long time.
I hear Rush isn't touring anymore.
i was having a different thought
Have you ever listened to the Eagles?
Have you seen the buttefly effect?
So have you seen the latest Disney movie?
Have you ever seen Death Proof?
I watched The Lego Movie last night, you have got to see it!
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Techno music is awesome.
Hey.
So, I think I have figured out why in the Harry Potter movies, Snape was so hard on Neville Longbottom.
How many people are in The Beatles?
Have you seen Frozen?
Have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2?
Who do you think will make the Super Bowl this year?
Hey, Ms. T. What kind of music do you listen to? You listen to Taylor Swift?
What do you think about Disney incorporating songs into their movies again?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast film yet?
The only thing I don't like about summer, no NFL.
Ever catch Disney's Into the Woods?
How did you feel about De La Soul?
Did you think Luke would join the dark side in Return of the Jedi?
Romo had a nice game against the bears.
What are you dressing up as this Halloween?
Who was your favorite beatle?
I just saw John Wick for the first time.
There are lot of interesting things about the NFL that I didn't know and probably a lot of people didn't know
Have you heard that song You Should Be Here?
What is your favorite Disney movie of all time?
I wasn't too thrilled with the movie we watched last night.
Hey , Let's go watch a movie tonight.
What do you thin of Ed Sheeran?
Man Lil wayne blows
Speaking of Mel Brooks, did you ever see Spaceballs?
Have you seen any of the Harry Potter movies?
Have you seen that thriller movie "Ghost in the Shell" with Scarlett Johansson?
Have you ever heard of Taking Back Sunday?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
So, what is the best movie you have ever watched?
Do you like Queen?
lets talk about tv show songs
Batman versus Superman, who do you think won in that film?
Do you like Sean Paul?
What is your most anticipated movie release?
What Indiana Pacer did Knicks fan Spike Lee anger during the 1994 playoffs by calling him "Cheryl"? A: Reggie Miller.
What's the best war film you've seen?
Let's talk about music
Hey, So I just saw this movie and I think you´ll find very interesting.
What music have you been listening to recently?
Pocahontas is a good movie.
I think I am gonna miss Tony Romo this year?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
What's your favorite movie genre?
Do you think Jar Jar Binks will ever show up again?
do you like rap music
Have you heard their making a live action Lion King movie?
OK, so favorite Star Wars moment. Go!
Did you see that a new lion king is coming out?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Have you watched the Lions lately?
Have you ever watched the movie Lonesome Dove?
Did you like Episode 6 of the Star Wars saga?
My friend invited me to a Florida Georgia Line Concert.
I'm kinda upset at how underrated Atlantis was.
Do you know any films about Mickey Mouse?
Did you see the new Guardians
Do you like listening to Justin Timberlake?
Did you see the remake of Miracle?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Have you ever heard a handbell choir?
What do you think about music in movies?
What was that weird album by Fiona Apple?
Are you anticipating any of the new superhero movies coming out this year?
Hey.
What Disney movies were made in the 1990's?
I can't believe the Wizards lost in the playoffs against the Celtics.
Was N Sync the best boy band in the 90s?
Did you see the first Harry Potter movie?
Have you ever given much thought as to what some of The Beatles songs mean?
What did you think about The Force Awakens?
Hi.
Have you heard of Ariana Grande?
Did you end up going to see Get Out?
I hate the type of rap music that's popular now. It's so meaningless.
Did you see Star Wars Episode One, the Phantom Menace?
Do you think The Fast and the Furious was very successful?
Have you seen the last Superman movie?
Do you want to go see Rough Night with me?
Every time I hear "You'll be In My Heart" I throw up a little.
What do you think about the Browns this year?
Who's better? The Beatles or wings
Dude, what happened to the Panthers last year?
Did you see the movie Big Hero 6?
European polyphony arose out of early religious chants
Is Evil Dead any good?
Who do you think would win in a lightsaber battle, Luke or Rey?
Have you seen Deadpool?
Hey what's up man? You excited for the Seahawks season?
what kind of music do you listen to?
What are your predictions for this year's football season?
Did you know Chris Cornell from Soundgarden just recently died.
Hi there. What band is this that you are listening to?
Well this was unexpected
Who do you think of all the Princess had the best movie?
Are you watching the Stanley Cup playoffs?
Hi, I’m going to a costume party with the theme of Harry Potter movies, so I need to come up with something.
If he was around still do you think Elvis would be considered pop?
I'm checking out the highlights from the game.
Are you excited for the upcoming NFL season?
Alright, who is favorite Country rock band?
Have you heard Harry Styles new music?
Did you see the Tron sequel.
You like the Beatles?
Do you think the all star game should be eliminated?
What bands do you like?
Have you seen Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone?
How familiar are you with 80s music?
Hey when does the NFL pre-season start this year?
Hey, have you heard about the new Mulan live action adaptation?
Hello, how are you doing this afternoon?
Is Mad Max a great film?
Do you like to watch movies?
Have you seen The Zookeeper's Wife?
Is it December yet?
Have you seen  Guardians  of the  galaxy 2 ?
You like Goddard?
Want to talk about movies?
Have you seen the second Fast and the Furious movie?
Hey, music major.
The NFL is a very unique sports organization.
What are your thoughts on the Biebs?
What is your favorite Beatles Album?
I just rewatched the last Harry Potter movie. It was pretty good again.
Who do you think is the Best QB in the NFL?
Which film do you consider the biggest superhero flop?
Do you know if Nelly is still producing music?
Do you like old school rap ?
Hey, could I get that CD back from you?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Do you remember how special Avatar was?
have you seen fences live?
what upcoming movie are you excited to see?
Have you ever noticed that newly released movies often copy each other?
Hey, did you see the movie Logan with Hugh Jackman?
Hey man, what you think about the Bears this year?
Have you heard of Joey Badman?
Ringo is my favorite Beatle. George is second.
What was the last comedy you saw?
Have you seen the movie tusk?
What do you think of Jimmy Buffett?
What is your favorite Star Was battle.
I still can't get over that World Series from last year.
What's up?
Are you a star wars fan?
Let's talk about top ranked players this 2017 NFL Season!
The X-wind fighters in STAR WARS are cool.
What do you think about the transformers series
I can't wait for the new Tool album. It's been years!
Absolutely loving the new EP from The Scandals, have you heard it?
Remember when Ice Cube used to be popular?
I heard a great song on the radio today.
Have you seen the Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
What do you think about the Eagles new draft picks?
Do you listen to Lil Dicky?
I remember the first time I saw Star Wars. It blew my mind!
Have you ever had an artist that you're supposed to like but don't?
Have you ever seen Jeepers Creepers?
So what are you doing this summer?
Hey did you see Passengers yet?
who you like better pac or biggie, i think pac was a monster, lol
Whats your favorite Disney movie of all time?
What artists do you think should be inducted into the Rock 'n Roll Hall Of Fame?
What do you know about the new Imagine Dragons album?
Hey, how's it going?
Did you see that 18 inning game last night?
Wanna come over
What have you thought of the NHL playoffs thus far?
What is your favorite pro football team?
What do you think of Tom Holland as Spiderman?
I just watched LeGarrett Blount score three rushing touchdowns in the Eagles game
How many Harry Potter movies are there?
I'm trying to pick out music for our road trip to Minneapolis tomorrow.
How do you feel about Scream?
What is your favorite comedy?
Do you think the older movies are better than the new ones?
What do you think of Britney Spears?
Do you like Greenbay Packers?
Do you like female rappers?
Do you still follow Peal Jam?
Have you ever seen any of the Fast & Furious movies?
What are some good new country songs you have heard?
Have you seen any of the Hunger Games movies?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Did you watch Adam Sandler movies back when they were popular?
have you ever listened to young jeezy
Are you watching Goodfellas? That's one of my all time favorites!
How do you think the Dallas Cowboys will do this season?
What was the movie that won the Oscar about ten years back?
Hey how are you doing?
You know what has to be the absolute best song to sing along to of all time?
Are you an NFL fan?
Have you seen Neighbors?
Are there many pop bands still?
Have you seen the Arizona Diamondbacks this year?
Have you heard of the girl group Fifth Harmony?
Everyone's saying that 'Let it Go' from Frozen is the best Disney song ever.
What did you think of Alice in Wonderland?
I'm not a fan of all of Tom Cruise's works but I sure did like Top Gun.
Did I ever tell you my favorite Potter villian?
I want to go see Queen this summer.
Did you get to see the new Disney movie "Cars 3" that came out this year?
I wonder if they'll do anymore Star Wars spin offs.
Do you like old movies?
Do you have a favorite Disney Princess?
Did you ever see that movie called The Imitation Game?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Hong Kong action flicks are the best.
Did Voldemort try to kill Harry?
How did you feel about Maleficient?
Hello.
Do you like Nirvana's music at all?
Whet's the best superhero movie you never heard of before?
Hi there
I am always fascinated to tune into a basketball when they are in the play offs, do you?
Have you heard of Bruno Mars?
Do you know which is the latest Disney movie?
Can you tell me a good comedy movie?
Did you see the simpsons movie?
Hey what is your opinion on the surge of feminist movies?
So, who is your SECOND favorite football player?
Hey whose your favorite artist?
Have you ever seen Event Horizon?
i feel like the lion in that disney movie
Are you watching the N.B.A playoffs?
Have you seen 'The Hangover' movies?
Aerosmith was a great rock band once in a while ago.
So have you been listening to any new pop music lately?
What did you think of Hancock?
Do you know of any Disney movies coming out in 2017.
I remember seeing Star Wars when it first came out.
Where would you rank Tom Cruise in the pantheon of actors?
Have you seen the latest Captain America movie?
Did you ever listen to Sugarland?
I want to go see Wonder Woman soon, but not sure if it is playing this weekend yet.
Did you know they are making a Toy Story 4?
Did you see the new Star Wars Story, Rogue One?
Hey could you recommend me some new music?
What is your absolute favorite movie?
What was the worst play in NFL history?
Have you ever seen The Five Heartbeats?
Do you think Timon and Pumba were a good influence on Simba?
hi there.
You know what movie was funny?
what do you think of the force awakens?
Do you ever go back and listen to really nostalgic music from your past?
I am looking for a good song to play for my fiance.
I'm ready for this season!
What's your favorite Jack Nicholson movie?
What's your favorite David Fincher movie?
Do you remember the Scream movies?
Did you like any one hit wonder Rock bands?
Do you still buy cd's.
I saw on the cover of Entertainment Weekly that Emily Blunt is the new Mary Poppins.
How bad do the Spurs miss Leonard?
You listening to pop music lately.
Man, Wonder Woman looks better than I was expecting.
Name a duet that sang Pop.
Your favorite star wars character?
Hey, who won yesterday's game?
How do you feel about Green Day?
Do you like Justin Timberlake?
You ever see that old Disney movie, The Black Hole?
Are you going to get to see Lady Gaga on tour this summer?
Why did people burn Beatle records in the 1960s?
Whats your favorite movie series?
I was watching a PBS documentary about Disney last night.
I need to laugh, what's a good comedy movie?
I've decided to give Hip-Hop music a try.
I just got my season tickets for the Dallas cowboys.
Can you recall that movie with Drew Barrymore from the 80's where she is telekenetic?
Hey Mirna How are you doing?
Did you see Ace Ventura is currently being remade?
Did you see that plane scene in the end of fast and furious 5?
Yo
What new movies come out this month?
Who is your favorite Star Wars Character?
How about we get together and watch some movies?
Has there ever been a song that made you cry?
So i see Ryan Griffin is going to be the Second String QB for Tampa
Did you see The Road to Perdition?
How do you like the Detroit Red Wings?
Alright, Justin Timberlake Pop Music Fans!
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
What do you think about the Dodgers this year?
Thoughts on the AFC West? Should be competitive this season.
Say what do you think of John Legend?
What is going on with the Steelers?
Which new action movie do you really like?
Which sports do you like?
What's your favorite Harry Potter film?
Have you heard any good pop music lately?
Did you see Edge of Tomorrow?
Hi there.
So when do you usually listen to music?
Have you heard that song by George Micheal called"Amazing".
Such a shame the movies i loved were never that good
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Have you ever seen the movie Let It Be?
Do you enjoy the song Desperado?
Bruno Mars moved up on the Billboards Chart again with his latest song.
Lets talk about sports
Who's the greatest frontman of all time?
Did Derek Carr deserve his deal?
I really love Western movies.
We watched a thriller that is based on a James Patterson book.
Let's talk about movies
what do you think about role of mia in fast and furious series?
I can't wait to see the new Aliens movies tonight.
Hey, man what sort music do you like?
Did you see what the Boston Celtics wore before the game?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you like the artist Eminem?
Mark Hamill is looking pretty old in the most recent trailer.
Who was your favorite character in Beauty and the Beast?
Lady Gaga's music video for Telephone is a work of art.
Did you see the last Spurs game against the Warriors?
I did not like the actor who played ron
Do you like the Beatles?
What is the best Adam Sandler movie?
Have you heard any good music lately?
Hey Leslie, whos a better R&B singer Trey songz or Usher?
Have you watched Patriot's Day?
What are your favorite Batman movie?
I like the first Fast & Furious movie because I loved that classic car.
Have you been watching the new Fear Factor? I can't believe it's being hosted by Ludacris.
Check Check can you hear me over their?
Did you see that Houston/Spurs game?
What is your favorite NSYNC song?
Did you see the Minnesota Lynx win last night?
i think AFI's top comedy list is rigged
Who was the guy who voiced Darth Vader?
Do you think Ron and Hermionie were meant to end up together?
Have you ever seen Elton John in concert?
When did Batman begin I wonder.
Are you getting the NFL channel this year again?
Marcus Mariota will recover from his injury and lead the Titans to a 12 win season!
Do you think Crosby has much of a career left?
Did you ever see Gone In 60 Seconds?
How can you watch this stuff? It's so boring.
Are you a fan of Star Wars?
got a favorite eminem album
Hey.
It seems to me like DIsney is out of good ideas for movies.
What music do you listen to when you exercise?
HAVE YOU SEEN "FLORENCE"
So what is Chinese music anyway?
Do you think La La Land should have won best picture this year?
Have you heard of the Foo Fighters?
Hello Broseph
What do you think is Eminem's best song?
Who do you think James Brown has influenced?
What are your favorite Disney movies?
Did you see La La Land?
What album have you been listening to lately?
have you ever heard of warren zevon?
Do you know when the preseason games start?
Did you see the Yankees against the cubs the other night?
Did you ever see Hung Fu Hustle?
Do you agree with what some people are saying? That The Force Awakens was nothing more than rehashing of A New Hope?
Who is your favorite pop artist?
My favorite movie genre is comedy. What is yours?
Celtics will get the first pick in the draft.
Ok, who was the better character, Han Solo or Lando Clarissian
Sir Elton John has to be one of the best rock musicians ever.
What is your favorite Beatles Album?
Do you like the hulk?
Only a few more months until the start of the NFL season.
What was your favorite movie as a kid?
Have you ever heard of New Medicine?
Have you seen Hacksaw Ridge yet?
Hey can you help me with movies?
Do you like Ludocris music?
Do you like music
It like cult classic films.
You know which Hitchcock movie I love is North by Northwest.
Man i want some more rap fusion stuff
What about them Packers?
Have you seen Moana yet?
The weather sure is hot today.
How's that coffee?
How was the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Have you ever seen Pinocchio?
Only a few more weeks until we get some football back.
I want to cover a few beatles songs
Is Toy Story a Disney movie?
So, how do you feel about the blues?
Do you remember Marcus Allen?
What do you think of Anakin's story in Star Wars?
With the Sgt.Pepper album cover some say it was creepy with occult overtones?
What do you think about the movie Mulan?
Have you seen the movie Split?
Will Marshawn Lynch have a good season with the Raiders?
Did you ever see that movie "Moonstruck"?
You have to see the movie "Get Out"
Hey man, are you ready for football this season?
Do you think rap music has changed since the 1990s?
Do you like the movies today?
Do you have any favorite sixties bands?
Have you seen the new beauty and tge beast movie.
Who is the best team in the NFL?
Have you heard of Julia Michaels?
Have you ever seen Aladdin?
Almost time for the NFL season!
Remember Luke's landspeeder in the first Star Wars?
Do you know the Beatles got started?
What year do you think was the best for music?
I broke my femur last week.
is it bad that i love childrens songs
What's goin' on, schmoopy?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
I wonder if they'll make another Suicide Sqaud?
Everything new on the radio today is bad.
I can't wait until the NFL comes back.
Did you watch the trailer of 'Beauty and the Beast'?
Do you like Beach Boys music?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Can you grab my phone for me and see who is calling me I am getting dressed for the dance club tonight.
I wonder what ever happened to Ja Rule.
have you seen The Departed?
So what do you think of Metallica?
Hey, so what do you think of Snoop Dogg?
Have you seen Mississippi Burning?
Hey
Did you hear they're making a Super Troopers 2?
What movie did Kurt Russel have the eye patch in?
Have you ever heard of Otmar Liebert?
Someone told me you love Star Wars Episodes I, II and III... WHY?
So judging by your shirt, you must be a big Star Wars fan!
Do you remember the first time you heard the beatles?
Why does Luke call Obi Wan Kenobi, Ben?
Who's your favorite DIsney princess?
Did you hear about what happened with the Han Solo movie?
My friend at Penn State University signed up for a class on The Beatles this semester.
Did you ever see Sleeping Beauty?
What is favorite thriller?
If you had to pick your favorite genre of music which would you choose?
Good morning.
Have you heard that Saving Abel has a new lead singer?
Did you ever see Star Man?
Hey' have you ever watched the movie Limitless?
I hear you listen to Jazz.
Hey, I was going to check out a movie and wondered if you could recommend one to me?
I really like selena gomez as an actress
Do you remember Aaliyah the singer?
Have you heard any Indian music ?
Did you know metallica was formed by a newspaper ad
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Have you ever heard of Aurora?
What kind of rock music do you like?
Which teams made it to the playoffs last year?
What was your favorite part of Rogue One?
Britney Spears is the best pop artist out there.
Let's go to the mall
Are you a fan of Lady Gaga?
Aren't you a Packers fan?
Do you know of any good thriller movies?
Do you think Taylor Swift is country or rock?
Do you like heavy metal or rock music?
Remember the original Christopher Reeve Superman movie?
What's the one thing you remember the most about the first installment of Star Wars?
I like collecting movie soundtracks.
Have you seen t 2017 New Womens Fashion Shoes Black Sexy high heel sandals? It's in black.
I was just thinking of that song "Firework" by Katy Perry.
Have you ever seen The Faculty?
Did you see the latest Star Wars?
I really enjoy most Samuel L. Jackson films, and I am glad he is a staple in Tarantino films.
Did you watch last years MTV awards?
Our friend told us to watch the thriller secret Window.
Who is the favorite to win the Super Bowl this year?
What is your favorite type of music?
Did you watch the Superbowl last year?
What do you think is the most popular Beatles song?
Do you like action movies with a love story built in.
If you had to choose five all time favorite Lady Gaga songs what would they be?
Note to self: Never watch the Exorcist alone at night ever again.
Did you see that there's a new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
Yo! How are the Ravens looking this season?
Somebody told me you were a big fan of The Smashing Pumpkins.
You have some odd choices in music  on here.
What is you favorite Disney movie?
what do you think of players entering the NFL
Did you ever get it to any of Quentit Tarentino's movies?
Are The Beatles still alive?
What album of lady gaga that was nominated in six grammys?
What do you think of the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Did you watch the pirates baseball game against the yankees last night?
I can't wait for football season to start.
Did you see the third lion king?
Hello.
Who is the singer of the song Fight Song?
Almost football time!
I hated Episode 1!!
Seen any good movies lately?
I just saw the movie Amour.
Did you see beauty and the beast?
Remember JAWS?
I just saw Cape Fear.
Who is the next big QB in the league?
Salina Gomez is a pretty great singer do you know who she is?
How do you feel about the Faithful?
Do you like Ariana Grande's music?
I just saw the movie"The Boy" it was a good movie.
I plan on watching the Star Wars films for the first time this weekend. Which movie should I start with?
Do you like Disney movies?
Hey! Just re-watched The Lion King last night.
So, what is your favorite music genre?
59 days until the NFL season kicks off!  I can't wait!
I got a new puppy yesterday
What do you think about Adele?
Are you a Lady Gaga fan
What is your favorite rock band?
Have you heard the remake of Careless Whisper?
Did you watch Logan yet?
Have you ever seen any movies adapted from Jane Austen books?
What kind of music are you listening to these days.
Have you tried any of the fashion subscription services?
What is your favorite star wars movie?
What are you up to.
Did you see the cubs game last night?
Do you feel like listening to some music tonight?
Do you like Madonna?
Wiil Marvin Lewis coach the Bengals next year?
Do you watch NFL games a lot?
Did you know the podracers engines are based off of real jet engines?
What's your favorite horror movie?
How 'bout those Yankees?
Have you heard of Halsey?
Who is your favorite rapper of this generation?
Do you think rock music has to be subversive in order to be good?
What type of music should I play at our dinner party?
What's your favorite movie?
Who is your favorite female singer lately?
Are there any good white rappers?
Hey have you seen Hidden Figures yet?
wanna go to a rock concert?
I love Gerard Butler movies. Have you seen his latest?
I don't know what to listen to. It's summer and I want something new, but fun.
How do you think Tom Brady will do this season?
Do you think the Vikings offensive line will be better this season?
Do you remember when Lady Gaga sang that song from The Sound of Music?
What happens at the end of Episode 4?
Hey Mike. You going to ball game?
You know what movie I watched the other day?  Bram Stoker's Dracula.
Did you hear Rage Against the Machine is touruing?
How excited are you for the Patriots this season?
There are a lot of crappy deaths in Star Wars.
who is your favorite mlb team?
Hey how's it going? How was your weekend?
Do you want to go grab something to eat?
Hey when are we supposed to go see that band play
Hey, how do you think the Eagles are going to do this year?
What do you think of Tamela  Mann?
Hi.
I would like to watch a comedy movie.
Do you like Bruno Mars?
Did you ever watch The Clone Wars?
The one thing I dislike the most about the PC cafe that I go to is the loud music.
Did you enjoy the fashions Met-Gala this year?
I'm babysitting tonight. Whats a good Disney Movie
Did you know that Paranoid was not a planned song?
Did you watch the playoffs last year?
Are you going to see King Arthur?
Hey, I was listening to the radio yesterday and i heard "Yesterday."
Who did Lady Gaga open for in 2008?
Hey
What kind of music do you like?
Did you think Letti was actually dead ?
Did you ever see The Silence of the Lambs?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Did you like how C3PO was used in Star Wars?
Did you catch  Goodfellas on TV last night?
Have you ever seen Gone Baby Gone?
Have you ever heard of a movie called Battle Royale?
Who is your favorite football player?
Hi there.
Do you like the 'Taken' movies?
What was the last movie you went to see in the movie theater?
So what NFL players do you think are going to have big years?
Can you name every one of the dwarfs from Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs?
How is your day coming along?
You know what I think is so great about pop music?
Hey do you ever listen to Lady Gaga?
What do you think of opera music?
What would you say is the best movie franchise of the past decade?
Sometimes watching the NFL really bothers me.
Are you waiting for any disney movie?
Hey, how's it going? Did you happen to see the last Pirate's game?
Do you like ed sheeran
The terrorist attacks in London have been awful.
Are you a Lady Gaga fan?
Who do you think the top players in the NFL are right now?
I can't wait for the new Tool album.
Do you have any songs that are guilty pleasures?
You're a 49ers fan, right?
Have you seen Get Out?
I have to admit something to you.
I wish i have heard of these movies before
What was your favorite part of The Force Awakens?
Hey have you seen that King Arthur movie yet?
So, one thing I like about music is songs with really interesting lyrics.
Do you like the Chicago Bears?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Hey
Did you catch the game last night?
Schonberg devised a method for composing called 12 tone method.
What movie do you wish they'd remake?
What do you think of rock music right now?
Do yo like Cedric Thorton?
Do you think that Linkin Park will do well on their tour?
Lets talk about gangsta rap
Where do you think it ties into the Tarantino universe?
What did you think of the latest Fast and Furious movie?
Did you see any of the Disney princess movies when you were a kid?
What is the best Star Wars movie
How many Pandora channels do you have?
Have you seen the 101 dalmatians?
Do you watch NFL football on the holidays?
Can you tell me anything about the Abbey Road by the Beatles? I really like that one.
Hi.
what do you think about REBECCA ARTHUR SONGS?
So did you see the new Beauty and the Best movie with Emma Watson?
You know what I was wondering?
What do you think of Madonna?
Do you listen to country music much?
What kind of music are you into?
Hi.
What's your favorite rock band?
When did the first Fast and Furious movie come out?
What did you think of The Force Awakens?
Hi
Have you seen Cabin in the Woods?
Who you got this year in NFL?
I can recall seeing the December 1967 NFL Championship game on tv when I was 4 years old.
Hi.
What do you think about Lady Gaga's collaborations with Beyonce?
Hey! Are you going to watch the NFL this year? Are you excited for camp?
Whats your favorite kind of music?
Do you think the path of Darth Vader would be different if he had known that his children had survived?
How do you feel about bench warnings?
Seen any good horror movies recently?
I really like musicals.
What kind of music do you like?
What groups do you think began the heavy metal genre of music?
What do you think of my new pants?
Are you looking forward to this upcoming NFL season?
Man tell me the loudest show you ever saw?
Have you seen Attack on Titan?
What type of music is your favorite?
What is your favorite band of all time?
I was in the bank yesterday, and the woman who helped me was wearing the most amazing shoes.
I remember Silence of the Lambs and I thought it crazy at the time.
If you were going to make a list of songs for an "Evolution of Rock Music" playlist what would you choose?
You should come over and listen to some music with me.
Mom, I just saw The Beguiled. It's set in the South during the Civil War. It's Gothic and funny, and all about sex, really.
Are you ready for football?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Have you ever seen Night of the Living Dead?
What's going on at the border?
Can you believe return of the jedi came out in 1983
Have you ever seen the movie, It Follows?
By far, the strangest thing that has happened in baseball in recent history was White Sox pitcher Chris Sales going nuts with the scissors.
Have you seen Beauty and the Beast?
Do you want to answer some NFL trivia questions to test your knowledge?
Do you like the Beatles?
What is your favorite 80s rock band?
I wish Luther Vandross was still alive.
Do you like any animated movies?
Do you like music?
Rap music these days just isn't the same as it used to be.
Who did you like to listen to in high school?
Do you want to come over and hang out?
Did you see Moana?
I just saw a trailer to an interesting movie.
I watched the best thriller the other day it was called The Mummy.
Do you think they'll come out with another Sherlock Holmes movie?
What did you think of Queen Amidala in Star Wars?
What did you think of the first Deathly Hallows?
I love spooky movies
Who is your favorite? Tinker Bell or Wendy?
What do you think about this year's NFL Draft?
Do you like the Eagles?
Have you seen the musical Dear Evan Hansen?
So what are you listening to these days?
Who is the best player in the NFL?
I can't wait for Incredibles 2 to come out.
Who's your favorite artist in pop music?
Have you seen the Saints roster for training camp?
You know what was a classic movie?  Jurassic Park.
Getting ready for the upcoming NFL season?
On the topic of villains, what about Cruella DeVille?
It looks like all the clothes are going to have holes in them again this summer.
Do you pay attention to movie scores?
What is your favorite NFL team?
One of my favorite thrillers is Fatal Attraction.
Are you a big football fan?
I really miss the older Disney movies.
I have been listening to a lot of 80's music lately. Do you like 80's music?
What is your favorite kind of music?
my eagles will have a rough go of it this season.
Did you like Finding Nemo?
You know who's music is amazing?
What's a movie from Disney that's underrated?
Kylo Ren's lightsaber is so weird.
What's your favorite Harry Potter book?
You know how I love those rewards programs they have for things, like gas purchases and airline tickets?
Hey, did you see that game last night?
What type of electronic music do you like?
I love Fight Club.
Do you like Dirty Dancing?
What did you do last night?
Do you like to watch Alfred Hitchcock movies?
Toy Story Three is the best movie of all time.
What was the name of the princess in that one Disney movie?
Hello.
Hi.
Did you hear about Chris Cornell?
Saul Bass is my hero.
What artist are you surprised you like?
Did you ever see the Brave Little Toaster movies?
Is Zombeavers good?
Have you seen any good movies recently?
Did you hear the new Mulan movie is coming out!
What do you think about Metallica?
Hello.
Do you like korn
In Star Wars, let's say that the Confederacy wins the Clone Wars? What changes?
Have you ever watched Aladdin?
Do you know of any older folk music?
Whose you favorite rock band?
In the Force Awakens movie, Rey seems to have such a strong natural connection to the Force. Why do you think that is?
what is your favorite band currently?
Do you like to watch Disney moves?
Do you listen to My Chemical Romance?
Are you a Dallas Cowboy fan?
What kind of thrillers do you like best?
Did you watch star wars
So, who is your favorite band?
What movies are you looking forward to seeing this year?
I really like gwen stefani
Do you remember the movie Holes?
I just watched the remake of dirty dancing
I've got a question for you.  It's about Disney.
You ready for football season?
A lot of people think Ringo Star was a bad drummer
So, what do you think of Elvenking?
How many Star Wars movies are there?
What disney movie do you like?
What do you think of the NFL?
What do you think of Nickelback?
Out of all of Lady Gaga's songs, which one is your favorite?
I just watched the entire Harry Potter series this past month and it was fantastical!
Who's your favorite singer right now?
Did you hear about the hoax about Axl Rose from Guns and Roses?
Did you know that certain Disney movies are available on Hulu now?!?
Do you like to listen to music?
What do you think about the Detroit Lions next season?
Have you seed RIGHT BY MY SIDE by Nicki?
Are there any sports movies worth the time?
Which Star Wars movie is your favorite?
I heard that you haven't seen the movie Scarface, is that true?
What are you watching?
Do you remember that race in 2 fast 2 furious?
Do you watch sports movies?
Are you interested in seeing the new Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
What song would you say is the weirdest song on the radio right now.
Did you see the Deftones are supporting Trump?
Man, I cannot wait until the start of the NFL season.
did you hear the new kanye album?
Have you seen BAD ROMANCE?
Which book is your favorite of the Harry Potter?
Do you feel The Beatles are overrated?
Only a couple months before football begins again.
Did you fill out your bracket yet?
So, what all did you get for your birthday?
Did you see game 6 of Boston vs Washington?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
You listened to the Beatles when you were younger, right?
I really enjoyed when they shared Snape's backstory.
Which shows did you like to watch when you were younger?
What's your favorite superhero movie?
What's next for Virginia?
Let's talk about music.
Hey, so what's your favorite Jim Carey movie?
Any good movies you've seen lately?
Which were better: Vincent Price's serious movies, or his siller ones?
So have you seen all the Fast & Furious movies?
Dredd from 2012 is the best comic book movie.
Have you ever heard of Angels and Airwaves?
How are you feeling about the upcoming NFL season?
So have you seen the movie Shrek?
Toy Story is one of my favorites animated movies ever.
I'm listening to my favorite song right now.
O.K. the other day we talked about the greatest NFL team of all time--who was the greatest player?
Did you ever see Aladdin?
Is Rosemary's Baby a classic movie?
I am so excited I get watch Lego Batman tonight.
Hi.
The seaweed is always greener, in somebody else's lake.
I love the NFL! Are you a fan?
Hey, Maxwell, I have a music question for you.
Do you like Lady Gaga's song TELEPHONE?
Katy Perry has a new album out called Witness that hit the top of the charts when it came out.
Who's your favorite Hogwarts instructor?
Did you like the recent Beauty and the Beast movie or did you like Cinderella more?
Do you like documentaries
Did you pick up the new Imagine Dragons album?
Man these tunes are rocking
Can't wait to see the next Star Wars installment.
How do you feel about the current state of hip hop?
Do you remeber the Buggles.
Hello.
What do you think is the better series Harry Potter or Star Wars.
What happened to Greg Bird?
Hey, haven't talked to you in awhile!
I just watched The Revenge of the Sith.
Who is your favorite NFL rookie going into next season?
Are you into pop music at all?
I am looking for a good playlist for a romantic night this weekend
I love Chris Hemsworth in Thor.
I just saw highlights of Superbowl VIII.
If you had to pick one, what is your favorite comedy movie?
Good morning.
Do you ever wonder if R2D2 would be jealous of BB8?
I just could never get into hip hop because I couldn't get past the sound itself.
Have you ever heard any music by The Decemberists?
What's your favorite nightmare on elm street sequel?
Did you like Passengers?
I need to find some decent study music.
I am never going to see all the movies on the list of my movies to watch.
Have you ever seen IRobot?
I wonder what happened to Iggy Azalea.
Do you like hip hop music?
I was reading about Andrew Luck and I hope he'll be able to play soon.
What did you think about Wonder Woman? Did you enjoy it?
What song is hugely popular that you dislike?
We watched a great movie the other night with Mel Gibson.
Can you guess who  I've really grown to like as a singer and musician?
I know James Bond movies were a hit but I never liked them at all.
Have you heard of Justin Bieber?
I just heard Poker Face on the radio.
Did you see the Fantastic Four reboot?
Who won the Superbowl last year again?
What would you say is the best album released this year?
Are you watching the NBA playoffs this year?
What is a great comedy movie?
In a fight between all of the Jedi and Sith, who do you think would win?
You studied music in college, right?
Hi.
Lets talk about star wars
Do you think the NFC South is the best division in Football?
Arrrgh, I need a metric for predicting these games!!!
Am I the only one annoyed at Emma Watson's eyebrows ever since the fourth movie?
Have you ever been to Festival of the Lakes in Hammond, Indiana, for their July music festival?
What are the worst Marvel movies to you?
Do you like Jamming out to Nirvana?
Do you like Star Wars?
What are your thoughts on metal music?
So, Ice Cube, or Ice Tea?
WHy is there a cars 3?
Did you notice that Taylor Swift is on Spotify now?
did yoda ever die?
Have you seen the last Fast N Furious movie?
I read about Gigantic which has a fantasy storyline.
What do you think about the Raiders this year?
What would you consider an iconic action movie or series?
Who do you like better, Brittney Spears or Iggy Azalea?
Do you remember the scene in Lilo and Stitch, where Lilo made a sour jar?
How about Chris Sale?
I think it may be time to change the rules in NFL Football.
Wonder if they're going to make a Flash movie.
Have you ever heard of Soundgarden? It is a Seattle based rock band.
Did you hear they made a live-action film of Jungle Book?
What is the best spell in Harry Potter?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast yet?
What is a good comedy movie to watch with a guy?
What do you think about Ben Affleck as Batman in 'Batman v Superman?'
Jonny, have you figured out the end of that riff yet?
What is your favorite Hitchcock movie?
Hi
Have you ever seen the original Wizard of Oz?
Did you see the new Kong movie?
What was the name of the movie where Tom Hanks was a captain?
Hey, who's that playing on the radio?
Who is your favorite director?
My niece is staying with us this weekend and I need to come up with some movies she can watch.
How has your day been going so far?
What Disney movie are you looking forward to?
Did you get home from work in time to catch the Golden State Warriors at the San Antonio Spurs game last night?
We should rewatch a Harry Potter movie.
Hey
Who do you think is the best player in the NFL?
I just saw The Da Vinci Code.
Do you want to go see Justin Bieber with me?
Race to Witch Mountain was a great movie.
Do you like the Colts?
Who do you think are the top four favorites for the Superbowl?
Have you ever watched the classic Disney movie, Fantasia?
When did the NFL begin?
Do you like martial arts movies?
Have you seen the new live action version of Beauty and the Beast?
Did you see Lady Gaga sing Sound of Music?
Where do you think the Star Wars movies are going?
I'm starting my fantasy football team soon.
Have you seen the new Harry Potter movie?
do you like fences?
There's something odd about the Star Wars universe.
So you said you like comedies?
Who is your favorite rapper of all time?
Have you seen any classic movies lately?
So I just got back from seeing that movie Logan.
So, what do you think about Adele's music?
Is there a movie that you could watch over and over again?
Did you see the movie Dr. Strange?
Do you like ariana grande?
what do you think is the saddest scene in Disney
Do the Cavaliers go 16-0 in the playoffs?
Do you like THAT'S WHAT I LIKE?
DId you watch Disney's last Herbie movie?
Did you watch the basketball game last night?
Do you remember John Candy?
I really want to see that new Despicable Me movie.
Did you ever watch the Birds?
What movies have you seen recently?
Hey, I'm taking my son to the movies this weekend for his birthday. I was wondering if you want to bring your kids along?
So have your kids finally gotten that "Frozen" song out of their heads.
You know what team I like as a real darkhorse this year?
Which new flick do you want to see tonight?
Who is the greatest rock and roll band of all time?
Hi, have you heard about any news regarding the upcoming Star Wars movie?
Have you watched the movie Follow Me Boys?
Have you seen Frozen? It's my favorite Disney movie.
The serial escalation in Star Wars is kind of dumb, honestly.
This is hard to watch!
Do you like that song by mark ronson
Hi.
Have you ever seen the movie Snatch?
Wowie. What happened to you?
Do you know anything about Bach?
Have you ever seen the Big Lebowski?
Do you like Mel Gibson movies?
One thing that made fans angry about the prequels was the clone armor.
Do you remember that old movie about the fish that got lost?
How do you feel about old fashioned pop?
Can't wait for the NFL season.
What are some of your favorite thriller films?
What do you know about the movie The Giver?
It's music good to talk about
Are you ready for some football???
What is your favorite movie?
You ever watch the First Hulk Movie from the early 2000's.
I saw The Way the other day.
You know, the Fast & Furious films have really come a long way.
I just was xmen apolcalypse
Have you seen the Spy yet?
Okay, so you see how the deflated football incidents with the Pats, right?
Do you know who sings Thrift Shop?
What do you think of Aerosmith?
Did you like the Sandman?
Did you hear that Prodigy from Mobb Deep died?
Donny Osmond is my wife's favorite singer.
Do you think the beatles are the greatest band of all time?
Harry complained way too much in this movie.
Hey did you see the Green Day show last night?
Man check out this costume.  It's looks just like Freddy Kruger.
What is your favorite marvel movie?
Have you been watching the NBA playoffs?
Do you like saxophone music?
Did you ever listen to the music group Live?
How many superbowls have there been?
what do you think about Funkmaster Flex?
Let's talk Bruno Mars. Do you think he is the best pop singer of our generation?
Have you seen all Harry Potter movies?
is the beatles the best group
What is your favorite Hitchcock thriller?
Do you remember SOnny and Cher?
Have you ever heard of Billy Joel?
Are you excited about the new Falcon's stadium next season?
well well most of this music these days are pure garbage, i stick to some particular artist.
Did you see the Penguins of Madagascar?
Did you see The Fate of the Furious?
I think we need to go out tonight?
Do you like movies based upon Bible stories?
You know the Star Wars series is about good versus evil don't you?
Any good kids movies coming out this summer?
Who is the best hip hop artist in 2017?
What's KPOP and JPOP?
I love the Sunday afternoon games on Fox, but there's on massive issue for me.
Do you remember the song "I Remember You?"
Do the Islanders find a new home for next year?
Okay, what did you think of the Lily/Sirius thing?
I read something stupid Lourde said recently about Taylor Swift.
Hi.
You ready for some NFL football?
You know which band I really miss?
Is Rey related to Luke or not?
Are you excited for the new Star Wars movie?
I just found out that Will Smith used to be a rapper.
What's the worst Disney cartoon you've ever seen?
Hey, have you hear the new Linkin Park song?
Did you go to the show last night?
The oldest extant example of polypony being used in a mass is the Messe de Nostre Dame from 1364. Written by Guillaume de Machaut
Do you like John Travolta movies?
Who are some of your favorite underrated bands?
What's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
Hey who is your favorite team?
Hi, do you play fantasy football by any chance?
Hello.
The Beatles had a long and prolific career.
You know what else is weird?
Did you catch the Knicks game last night?
Do you enjoy romantic comedies?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Who do you prefer: Katy Perry or Taylor Swift?
Gosh, i cant get that stupid song out of my head
Did you see that Britney Spears is making music again?
Whats your favorite superhero movie?
One thing I find very entertaining about Super Bowl are the commercials.
Who is your favorite rapper?
Do you like Ed Sheeran?
You like rap music?
Do you like Robert Diniro?
Did you ever watch Batman vs Superman?
I'm researching Ken Smith and his stats.
Do you know what ludacris' real name is?
Have you heard B2s new album?
Hey Tim, hows your kids doing?
Do you like to go to the movies?
Did you know that Hall and Oates played in Boston last night?
What's your favorite movie?
I love ja rules put it on me song
Welcome to the record store!
Hi.
I'm going to the Lakers game tonight. Do you want to come with?
What is your favorite song from the 2000s?
I have such a soft spot for Star Wars characters.
have you heard of Julia michaels?
Looks like the Hulk will be in the new Thor movie.
Did you know that the NFL season starts on September 7th this year?
Not to be a downer but I really hate classical music.
So, who's your favorite new-age pop singer?
Do you think the Atlanta Falcons will make it back to the Superbowl?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
Hey how is it going?
What did you think of "Revenge of The Jedi"?
Of all the Star Trek movies, I think I enjoyed "Wrath of Khan" the most.
Who would you consider the current best rapper?
Did you know that Debbie Harry has a new song?
Hey, what was the first Disney movie you ever saw as a kid?
What are some movies that would blow my mind?
Hey Billy, What are you up to?
Portugal The Man is kind of badass
Did you see the new Beauty and the Best with Emma Watson yet?
What do you think of movies now a days?
It seems like many of the executives for the NFL are former players.
Hi, what is your favorite type of music?
Hey, how was your weekend?
Judy Hopps is a true feminist
still going to the concert?
The new Transformer The Last Knight movie comes out today.
American Pie is so funny
One of the teams you have to look out for next year is the Timberwolves.
So, you're a big Beatles fan, right?
I can't wait for Cars 3 to come out.
Are you watching the NBA playoffs?
Stefani Germanotta is such a weird singer.
What do you think of all the superhero movies these days?
So who do you think is the best in the game right now?
Did you see the Book of Henry after all, like you wanted to?
Do you know who Ingrid Michaelson is?
What is your favorite NFL team?
Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 yet?
Heard any good music lately?
Can you believe it has been 25 years?
Do you think the NFL should have more games?
Rank the Star Wars movies from best to worst.
What are your thoughts on Old School?
Do you have a favorite in the beatles?
Have you ever seen Maleficent? With Angelina Jolie and Elle Fanning?
Want to go see the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
Did you see the Golden state Warriors versus the Utah Jazz Playoff Game 3?
What's your favorite superhero movie?
Do you like Miranda lambert
What music do you listen to with your kids?
Oh my goodness!
Do you remember the firework scene in Harry Potter Order of the Phoenix?
Have you seen all the Lethal Weapon Movies.
Did you just love The Lone Ranger?
Have you ever seen David Bowie in a movie?
Have you seen The Accountant?  It has Ben Affleck in it.....
What album do you think really embodied what Green Day was about?
I just watched tangled
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Are you excited for the new Star Wars?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you been following the drama in Seattle?
Have you seen any Denzel Washington movies
Ello
Did you ever see 127 hours?
Did you know Madonna came out with a new album?
Hey lets go and see a movie this week
Can you believe they made another 'Pirates of the Caribbean' movie?
Did you see the live adaptation of Beauty and the Beast?
Who do you think will draft Lonzo Ball.
What is your favorite Star Wars Movie?
When you think of pop music, what singer or group do you think of?
The x-men movies were good, don't you think?
You know how they made a live action version of Beauty and the Beast?
Did you see the point guard for the Celtics play?
What is the best quotable scene from the Star Wars movies?
I'm kind of tired of superhero villains attacking the same places.
How do you like Marina and the Diamonds?
I want to see the new Guardians of the Galaxies movie.
Could you imagine a more actiony fast and furious movie
We're thinking of having a Men in Black party. Want to come?
What's your favorite oldies band?
You remember the Gremlins movie?
Have you seen all of the Star Wars movies?
Have you seen the new Fast and Furious movie?
Let's see, remember when the Packers were in the last Super Bowl
Are you excited to see the new star wars movie?
Do you like AC/DC?
Do you like the Stones?
Wreck-It Ralph was the first Disney movie about video games.
do you have a favorite action film?
How many Beatles albums do you own?
Do you like Sylvester Stallone?
So I finally listened to the Lady Gaga songs you gave me.
JUst saw a great video with a Killers song playing in it.
Let's talk about music.
Have you heard of the new movie Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales?
Hello dear friend. Will you be partaking in the NFL football watching.
Have you seen Cool Runnings?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Star Wars original trilogy soundtracks. Which is your favorite?
What is your favorite Stephen King book made into a movie?
We gotta talk favorite villains.
I saw Dumb and Dumber again last night.
Hey, did you get a chance to listen to my last mixtape?
Hey did you know that football season starts soon?
Do you like Lindsey Stirling's music?
Have you ever seen the Psycho remake?
I saw that movie Split last night have you seen it?
Hey, what do you think about music?
When do you think Tom Brady will retire?
Did you ever see that movie Misery?
Have you ever heard of TLC?
Do you like Imagine Dragons?
Do you remember Hoodwinked?
Who is your favorite character in the universe
Baby Driver just came out this June, did anyone see it?
Have you seen the preview for the new It.
Have you ever heard of Ricky Garcia?
Did Seattle run Lynch up the middle?
Is it too early to write off the Panthers?
demi lovato's lyrics are so bad!
I watched a dog running in the park earlier.
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
Are we at a point where steroids may have been better for the game?
i was talking to this chick today and she doesn't know Madonna
I've heard folks say the Chicago Bears will be better than expected this year.
I work part-time at a movie theater.
Have you heard Harry Styles new song?
Have you ever been to a Lady Gaga concert?
Are you planning on seeing 'Rough Night'?
Who is your favorite NFL team these days?
Have you heard any good music lately?
Who is the main villain in Fatal Attraction?
So, yeah, I love Star Wars, but even I have to admit, George Lucas can't write romantic dialogue.
Do you like movies with Fred Astaire?
Hi
So what is a parsec?
Hey, you own Deadpool, right?
Have you seen any new movies lately?
Do you ever watch the Dallas Cowboys games?
What is the best music of all time?
There is a thriller coming out called" Jeepers Creepers" this summer are you going to see it ?
I love action movies
Hey there.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Have you seen Lady Gaga live?
I read yesterday was the 50th anniversay of the Beatle's song "All You Need Is Love."
What did you think about the movie, 'Moana?'
Do you ever listen to The Black Keys?
What do you think of Britney Spears?
What team do you think improved the most in the offseason.
So did you know the first Disney movie came out 80 years ago?
Who do you think is the most overhyped player in the NFL?
What was the last mongol movie about?
Did you hear that Steven Tyler is releasing a Country album?
What's your rap guilty pleasures?
If you could bring back one comedian who died, who would you pick?
Do you know who was one of my favorites in high school?
Hey, I'm looking for a World War II movie to watch this weekend. Any ideas?
Do you know much about the Beatles?
What teams do you think could compete for an NFL title this season?
Did you see the new live-action Beauty and the Beast?
Have you read any of the expanded universe novels?
Do you like bloody horror movies?
Man this is funny
What first got you into watching Star Wars?
Did you ever watch the Scream movies?
Is Giants pitcher Madison Bumgarner still on the DL?
Go write one.
Did you go to that iron Maiden concert?
Do you remember the rock band Skid Row?
what is the first album you ever bought with your own money
Have you seen the latest Disney Animation movie?
Did,you see Alfred Hitchcocks The Birds?
DID YOU HEARD OF BANDS MUSIC NAME DRAKE?
Will Snoop ever release another album?
Hey fellow Zombie!
Hey, so what is the best movie of the year so far?
So, were you ever into the "nu metal era" of music?
When does the NFL season start?
Let's talk about music
who is the best lyrical rapper?
Have you see Priscilla Queen of the Desert?
Have you ever seen the Return of the Jedi?
do you like to watch baseball
Do you remember Jeepers Creepers?
If you had to pick, Nsync or Backstreet Boys?
Matt Stafford is my favorite quarterback in the NFL, he just knows how to win games.
I just heard Lady Gaga's song The Cure on the radio!
Do you like kane brown
Are you a fan of Kurt Russel?
I thought Starkiller Base in The Force Awakens was awesome!
Hi there, I am gettin really excited at for the upcoming season!
I'm surprised about how many football players go broke or declare bankruptcy when their careers are over.
How come you never see Leia use the force?
Daddy's Home 2 trailer looks funny.
Is there a certain horror movie you always watch in October?
What did you think of the new Star Wars movie?
So what is your favorite type of music?
If you could see one legendary rapper live, who would it be?
What's your favorite genre of music?
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman movie.
Have you seen Lala land?
Do you like cello music?
Whos the fastest player in the NFL?
Do you like horrir films?
Can you recommend me a Netflix movie please!
Did you watch anything good lately?
Have you seen tangled?
I need a music recommendation from you.
Who do you think is the greatest quarterback ever?
Did you watch the movie The Jungle Book which was released last year.
What is your favorite Jim carrey comedy film?
What do you think of the 2018 Indianapolis Colts?
Did you like the last two Beatles singles from the anthology series?
Do you like Star Wars Movies?
Do you know many bands from Seattle?
Whenever I watch 101 Dalmatians, I end up wanting to get another dog.
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast.
Nice headphones. What are you listening to?
Do you like Mariah Carey?
Are you a Marvel movies fan?
Who was the best dressed at the Met Gala this year?
have you seen the movie Brave?
what do you think about Fast & Furious?
What movies did Roman Polanski do?
What are you going to wear to the festival this year?
Did you hear Chris Cornell from Soundgarden passed away?
I miss black and white cartoons
i managed to attend church service today.
What do you think Disney's biggest movie of the 90s was?
Have you heard of Blue October?
What's your favorite Ramones album?
What kind of music have you been listening to lately?
What's the first Disney movie you ever saw?
Hi what is your plan this weekend?
I finally saw Bambi the other day with the family.
What did you think of the Giants v Rams games last year?
Have you ever listened to the Beatles?
What team do you think will have the best defense in the NFL this year?
Have you heard of Ewoks?
Has football season started?
O.K. last week at our movie discussion lunch, we decided to forget The Circle and discuss good Tom Hanks films.
I rewatched "The Usual Suspects" the other day and the more I think about this movie, the more ludicrous it seems.
Hey! Have you seen any of the Pitch Perfect movies?
Did you know that The Beatles biggest musical rival was Elvis Presley?
Do you watch star wars?
Hey are you ready for the NFL season?
Lady Gaga is definitely a popular figure in music. Are you fan?
Hard to believe The Pacifier is a Disney film.
It's got a really cool set up which makes the story flow smoothly, and it compartmentalizes things.
I hear you really like Bruce Springsteen.
What is your all time favorite movie?
Do you go to a lot of concerts?
Did you hear Chris Cornnell died?
Have you seen any good thriller films lately?
The Departed is my favorite movie about Boston.
Did you see the dress that Kathi Lee wore on the Today show yesterday morning?
What do you think about Schenkerian Analysis?
what do you think of the lumineers?
Did you watch the latest remake of Beauty and the Beast?
Metallica is a great band!
What do you think about classic Disney films like Cinderella?
Do you like megan trainor
Do you remember The Wallflowers?
Have you been to any good concerts lately?
What's the best Bruce Willis movie?
Hey, did you see this movie about contacting or speaking with aliens? It's quite new.
What is good friend
Have you seen Interstellar?
I just saw She Wore a Yellow Ribbon. I had no idea the Duke could act.
Do you like the Fleet Foxes?
Do you like Amy Grant?
Do you remember the 2006 Academy Awards?
Are there any good movies out right now?
Is Bob Dylan any good?
Don't you think that Lennon/McCartney are prolific song writers?
Why did you like about the new Stars Wars Rouge One:  A Star Wars Story movie?
What do you think of Toy Story?
Have you ever seen Lilo and Stitch?
What is you favorite animated movie?
Hard to believe, but it's the five year anniversary of Brave.
Lets tslk about movies
Did you see the movies the fugitive?
So who's your favorite rapper?
Freddie Mercury of Queen had one amazing voice.
i've been meaning to ask you. what's your opinion of Bruce Springsteen?
My kids keep asking to watch Disney movies.
We watched Disney's Mary Poppins last night.  Ever see it?
You know what's funny? I've never even seen Hercules.
Does the character of C3PO need to still exist?
Hey, have you heard any good songs lately?
Who is your favorite Beattle?
Has Jason Biggs done anything outside of American Pie?
What did you think of the new Baywatch?
What's your favorite kind of music.
Do you like Radiohead?
Hey! Did you get around to seeing Manchester by the Sea?
I am thinking of going to a concert
What is the most disappointing movie you can recall from recent memory?
Where do you work?
What's your view on the new Wonder Woman movie ?
I love how complex Disney movies are getting.
Have you ever seen Lady Gaga in concert?
Did you like The Phantom Menace?
What do you think of the Packers secondary?
Do you like the Beatles?
Do you like rock bands with male or female lead singers?
Mulan has got to be my favorite Disney movie.
I like the group Chicago. How about you?
Do you like to play music or just to listen?
I can't remember the last time I actually sat down to watch a movie.
What were some of your favorite looks at the Met gala this year?
Hi.
Who is the greatest rapper of all time?
Do you like country?
Do you like rock music?
Do you want to go to the movies with me on Saturday?
I've been really tired lately.
Could Aerosmith still perform if they wanted?
Hey, do you remember Toy Story?
What do you think has been the most outrageous fashion statement in popular culture?
what is your favorite batman movie?
Do you like Fast and Furious?
Have you ever seen Teacher Fight?
Do you like Thriller movies?
Do you want to talk about movies?
If you could take any NFL team from any era which would you say is the best?
Did you catch that Raiders vs. Saints game last night?
Who is your least favorite Star Wars character.
free as a bird by the beatles is one of my moms favorite songs
So what team are you backing next season for NFL?
Did you see the Moana movie yet?
So, how do you think the Panthers will do this year?
Which new Disney movie are you most excited for?
When I was 9 years old I wanted a Pocahontas party for my birthday.
Do you think Rey will become a great fighter!
Hey, have you heard any news on the Beatles lately?
So will you be watching football this year?
Which Disney movie is coming out this year?
Do you remember Clueless?
Are you getting excited for the NFL Preseason?
I'm lost, I hardly ever know the names of the top bands?
Which is your favorite Disney Movie?
Remember THE GOONIES?
What did you think about 'Doctor Strange?'
Have you seen Cape Fear?
Hey, what's up?
What was your impression of the Toy Story series?
Who do you think was the worst dressed at this year's Met Gala
What are some movies that you really liked watching growing up?
What CD are you putting on?
Do you like Tim McGraw?
When I was a kid, I loved going to Magic Kingdom. My favorite park has to be Hollywood Studios, though.
Have you heard the new Radiohead?
Did you ever hear of the movie Chicken Little that Disney did?
Are you a Billy Joel fan?
Lady gaga is a little too out there for me with her out fits.
Do you know when the football season starts?
Hey, have you got my Bowling for Soup CD?
I just saw John Carpenter's Vampires.
Did you see the Pirates and Nationals game yesterday?
Hey.
What is your favorite type of movie?
Man do you think tupac is still alive
Hey, do you want to go see Twenty One Pilots next month?
Hey how do you feel about the upcoming NFL season?
Have you heard Noel Gallagher's latest cd?
Do you prefer watching movies or listening to music?
What Rock group is your favorite.
How do you feel about modern folk music?
What was the last movie you saw?
I just got back from seeing Wonder Woman.
What genre do you find most into these days.
Hey, man how was your weekend? I mostly chilled out to some Drake.
hey, what are you listening to?
Do you have any favorite quote or quotes from the Star Wars movies?
Did you watch the movie Split?
So which comedy is your favorite?
Man the end of Empire is pretty intense
do you really think romo will stay retired?
Let's talk about Star Wars. Some people are really invested in the series of movies.
What team do you hate most in the NFL?
Do you think the new Transformers movie will be good?
What is a funny movie we can watch?
Who's would you choose, Neve Campbell or Jamie Lee Curtis for all time best scream queen?
Did you enjoy the new star wars at all?
What do you think about Disney making all the classics with live people?
Who has cohosted the football morning show?
what do you think the beatles think of shows like Love in vegas?
Hey man, what's up?
So, I just heard that Childish Gambino said his next album will be his last.
I saw a great movie yesterday.
If you can choose a career in music industry, which genre do you think you'll get into?
What have you been listening to recently?
Have you ever seen the movie Open Range?
What do you think about this young rapper named Matt OX?
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new song?
Hi there.
I'm a huge fan of Greta Gerwig.
Lets talk about music
The radio is giving away red hot chille peppers tickets
Do you know who has a new album out?
Who do you think is the greatest running back in NFL history?
Do you think they can speed the game up anymore?
Did you watch The Happening?
Are you a star wars fan
Do you have a favorite film from a Stephen King story?
Have you seen any good comedies lately?
I just watched the original Star Wars last night.Did you ever see that one?
Have you seen the movie Ratter?
Who is your favorite band?
I'm ready for football season!
I can't believe they just showed Dirty Grandpa on the bus.
Did you see Lady GaGa at the Superbowl?
Do you listen to old pop music from when you were growing up?
Did you watch any of the hearing yesterday?
Hey, will you be watching some NFL games this season?
Do you like Gwen Stefani's music?
Afternoon.
Who do you think is going to represent the NFC in the super bowl?
Pixar movies are my favorite.
Hey are you going to watch much football this upcoming NFL season?
my dad is playing all this old music
What's your opinion on Kayne West's music?
I really like Lorde's music.
Hey, which Disney movie do you like better: Mulan or The Little Mermaid?
what do you think about artpop?
Who's your favorite Beattle?
If you haven't seen Edge of Tomorrow: Live, Die, Repeat you should go see it.
Whats the last Disney movie you watched?
What did you think of that new shark thriller film, 47 Meters Down?
Who is your favorite metal band?
Hi
Are you looking forward to seeing Wonder Woman?
So, you seen any good movies recently?
What did you like about Rogue One?
Would you rather go to a movie at the theater or rent a movie and watch it at home?
What was the last thriller movie you saw?
May I ask a question, Professor?
What do you like about the NFL?
That's the kind of stuff I like, those Irish guys you sent me.
Have you seen Leonardo Dicaprio's new movie?
What did you think about rogue one?
Are you planning on seeing the new Wonder Woman movie?
Hey I gotta extra Miami Dolphins jersey, you want one?
Favorite Villian in Star Wars who is it?
Have you ever seen Cinderella?
Hey are you excited about the upcoming NFL season?
What's a good Disney movie to watch with my great nephew?
Have you ever wondered how or who picks movie music?
How do you like Bruno Mars?
Do you listen to Lady Gaga's music.
Did you ever see The Accountant?
Have you heard of the beatles?
Have you had a chance to listen to Lady Gaga's new album yet?
I went for  a long drive today .
Do you like any of Justin Bieber's music?
I feel like the Patriots and Seahawks could meet in the superbowl if everyone stays healthy.
My favorite player.Charles Stillman was too good.
I am in the mood to talk about music!
I just saw Babadook.
Have you seen the new Amy Schumer movie?
Well, I think of it as profit sharing.
Did you ever see the movie Best in Show?
What is your favorite type of music you listen to?
Hi.
I know this is an old movie, but have you seen Sixth Sense?
Man, watching the Browns last year was rough.
What do you think of Mumford & Sons?
One of my favorite all time movies is The Wickerman. Did you ever see it?
when is the new elliott smith album coming out?
You know what movie was funny?
Have you seen the latest Fast and Furious movie?
So are you looking forward to the new Wonder Woman movie?
Do you listen to American top 40
What do you think of all these Spiderman remakes?
I just saw The Phantom Menace.
So, which teams should blow it up?
Hey
I saw a good John woo action movie last week.
I wish I was a cat so I could spend my night playing jazz piano.
What is your opinion on Beyonce?
Hey, it's great to see you here.
Hey John how are you?
Wow the NFL preseason is only about a month away. Time flew this offseason.
Have you seen any good comedies lately? I cannot find any new ones.
How do you think the Last Jedi will play out?
So i was worried about Ariana Grande a couple of weeks ago.
Do you like Disney movies? I'm a huge Disney fan.
This is the year for Andrew Luck.
Did you ever watch Goodfellas?
Did you ever notice the connection between Star Wars and Et: The Extra Terrestrial?
I heard your son dressed up as Woody from Toy Story.
Do you remember the movie, the Mighty Ducks?
Do you like Irish music?
What is a good super hero movie to watch?
I have a wedding to DJ this weekend, the request is pop music
Did you like Return of the Jedi?
Did you watch the game with the Golden State Warriors against the San Antonio Spurs?
Do you like Disney movies or Nickeldoen ones better?
Have you seen the movie Roman Holiday?
Have you seen I walked with a Zombie?
So, listen to anything fun today?
So we were talking about John Cusack movies earlier.
Did you ever listen to Guns N' Roses
Are the celtics still in the playoffs?
Have you ever seen the movie called the super it came out in 2010 the movie was great.
What is your favorite Nolan directed Batman movie?
Hi.
hey do you know if any disney movies are in theaters?
So, Groundhog Day is in the news these days.
Hey, I am so excited about the upcoming season for the Chiefs. How about you?
I wonder if there will be any good movies coming out this summer.
What is your favorite thriller?
Let's talk about music
I just started watching the Fast and the Furious movies.
Did you get to see Alien Covenant yet?
Have you seen any sci-fi movies lately?
Do you think Snow White ever forgot any of the dwarves names?
How do you like action movies in general?
Which of the Harry Potter movies is your favorite?
Do you like Disney movies?
I am needing something new to listen
Do you like any Bruce Lee movies?
My boss wants us to go to a party he is throwing this weekend.
Hey do you like music or movies better?
Did you see Moana?
I find the best band around right now is Say Anything
NFL football is the best.
Have you seen the movie Long Survivor?
Did you hear they're finally making a new "Incredibles" movie?
This year for sure I'm going to get to a home game for the NFL.
Do you like music?
I like thrillers that have a political angle. Things like All The President's Men or Blow Out. Some older ones, but still good.
Did you hear that Jay-Z was dropping a new album?
What do you think is the best Marvel movie theyve put out
Do you like country music?
Next game is Saturday.
If you had to pick, who would be your favorite Disney prince?
So, what's your favorite Beetles song?
Hey man how is the game going today?
Okay, comedies. Will we ever get a good one again?
What do you think of the new Foo Fighters song?
What do you think is the best sport of all time?
Wow this funny
Katy Perry is so beautiful!
Do you remember "Hit Me Baby One More Time"?
I saw Revenge of the Sith last night.
Have you been keeping up with the playoffs?
Have you seen Anger Management?
There's a new album out by Alicia Keys
What rap are you listening to right now?
Have you seen the new trailers for the Thor movie.
What kind of music do you like?
What are you going to be for halloween this year?
Hey
Do you remember that band The Cure?
Do you know Ana Lily Amirpour?
have you seen the new Cars 3 movie?
Have you ever heard of the song called I love Rock n Roll?
Do you think Wiz Khalifa is a good rapper?
Do you watch many movies?
Can you see the Star Wars franchise ending
Hey there, how are ya?
Hi
I am in the mood for some good old fashioned football!
I loved Blondie in the seventies.
Okay, which of the two new Star Wars fillms out do you like better? Force Awakens or Rogue One?
did the beatles have more than 100 albums
Hi.How are you?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
Who do you think's gonna win the next Super Bowl?
I love when I get a chance to rewatch the Harry Potter movies. Any of them really, but especially when I end up having a Harry Potter marathon and can watch several of them back to back.
Have you been keeping up on the latest rock music?
Okay. My favorite movie of all time would have to be Inglorious Basterds.
Do you like Maroon %?
Do you like Fleetwood Mac?
Do they have any new albums up to date?
Have you seen the new live action Beauty and the Beast movie yet?
So , who do you think is one of the best rappers out?
Was the Millennium Falcon not the coolest ship ever?
I'm beginning to think that movies with both Tina Fey and Amy Poehler are the best for group watching.
"Bootie fat, yeah I know. You just got paid, blow some mo'. Blow some m--" Oh heyyyy there you are. Air kiss!
who is your favorite rapper?
Hey, what do you think about football?
I just saw the new Transformers.
Have you seen "Coraline"?
Have you ever heard of the band Hop Along?
Hey Dad, what is Pop music?
Have you heard of Hamilton?
Hey
What superhero movies would you recommend for a family?
Do you think Beyonce is a good pop singer?
Are there any songs you only like to listen to with specfic other people?
You look like quite the star wars fan.
If you could pick one kind of music to listen to, what would that be?
It's such a shame that the Joe Dirt sequel wasn't as funny as the first one.
James Harden has disappointed me this playoffs.
What movie genres are you into?
Which was the last Fast & Furious movie you saw?
Who is your favorite actor?
Have you heard of Postmodern Jukebox?
Are you ready for the coming NFL season this year?
Do you remember the good old days of music?
Lets talk about music
Did you ever watch the Boondock Saints?
Give me 3 hints and I will try to guess your favorite Beatles song
So I finally saw Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part Two!
Hey do you like pop music
Who's the best hype up rapper in the game?
Can you name the greatest NFL football players of all time?
who is the best grunge band
Hey you know any good songs I can play on my wedding
Did you watch the Warriors game last night?
I saw Sixth Sense again not too long ago.
Know what's an under-rated superhero movie? The Crow.
Which is why I keep saying, they need to remake the originals.
Do you like Katy Perry's music?
Man, being a Detroit Lions fan is hard.
What action movie has the best bank heist scene?
Let's talk music, who is your favorite popstar/band?
I just finished the Deathly Hallows, Part 2.
Do you still follow the bruins
Why do they call it rock
Man, the Falcons are stacked next year.
What kinds of music do you like?
Man you know who I miss? Eminem.
Have you ever seen the movie 50 Shades of Grey?
Did you like Episode I, II, or III?
Soo bored today, I think we are gonna go to the movies. Any suggestions?
Can you name some greats?
What kind of music do you like?
Hey, what is your favorite disney movie?
Star Wars II came on TV last night , do like the Star Wars movies.
Do you like movies?
Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan make such a great movie couple.
Let's talk about music.
Who do you think will win the 2018 Super Bowl?
What is your favorite type of movie?
My favorite part of Harry Potter is the sorting ceremony
Who is your favorite pop music artist?
Where is the draft being held this year?
What do you think is the best line in the movie?
Do you have a favorite sequence of Beatles songs on a studio album.
Who is the greatest artist of all time in your opinion
i was listening to the radio the other day...
Do you think they'll bring back Green Lantern?
What do you think of Drake?
Do you think George Harrison was underrated.
What type of music is your favorite?
Who would you take if you could decide again: Rivers, Eli or Big Ben.
Logan was absolutely amazing.
Best comedy movie to be nominated for Best Picture at the Oscars?
What's your favorite Fast and Furious movie?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
One of my favorite thriller movies was Silence Of the Lambs.
What is your favorite romantic comedy?
Do you think Jerry Rice is the best NFL receiver ever?
Hey what do you think of the Rolling Stones?
Did you ever get around to seeing Passengers?
I recently watched an older thriller movie from the early '90's with Michael Keaton called Pacific Heights. Have you ever heard of it?
Oh, I really like this song - turn it up.  Who sings this?
So, are you looking forward to your summer vacation?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
I just recently saw the movie Se7en and I am very conflicted.
What was your favorite movie from 2014?
Hey, do you ever watch those old superhero movies?
Are you loving playoff time or what?
I saw Fantasia on Netfix last night.
Okay, who did Uptown Funk better, Bruno Mars or Rick Astley?
What is your least favorite part of the new Star Wars?
Do you like the animated version or movie version of The Jungle Book better?
Is Pinocchio good?
So, would you prefer a blaster or a saber?
I remember when everyone thought K-Pop was going to take over the music industry. I guess that didn't happen.
What is your favorite spooky movie?
Are you excited about the NFL season this year?
Have you ever wondered how many species there are in the entire star wars series?
I love me some hip hop
I just saw the best animated movie ever!
Hey there!  How 'bout them Cowboys?
Did you hear that Carrie Fisher died?
Hi.
Are you exited about the Last Jedi Star Wars movie?
Did you see the movie "Extortion"?
Were you able to see the match between Wisconsin and Villanova?
Did you watch Captain America Civil War?
Who's your favorite pop artist?
Hey, are you interested in seeing Pearl Jam when they tour?
You know I have never seen any fantasy movies.
Do you remember 80's movies?
What is your favorite Rocky movie?
My favorite genre. That's hard.
Have you seen the latest Leonardo DiCaprio movie?
Do you think today's comedies are as good as some classics?
What Bertie Bott’s Every Flavour Beans?
DId you see the basketball game last night?
I hear you're expecting! Is it a boy or girl?
You have a favorite band of all time?
Is The Thing very suspenseful?
I want to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2.
Did you like Jurassic Park?
What's your favorite type of music?
Hey  how are you today? Can I help you find a movie today?
Let's talk about NFL football.
What was that movie that had the dinosaur in it?
So, what is your favorite sport if you had to pick one?
Did you know preseason football starts in less than one month?
One Disney film with a good true-to-life character is Pocahantas.
What pop artists have you been listening to?
Who's your favorite James Bond?
How much Fantasy Football are you doing this year?
The fall season is months away and you know what that means
I think Cars 3 is coming out this weekend or next.
I don't know about the NHL.
I miss the old pop music
What is your favorite action movie?
What are your thoughts on J.J. Watt?
What do you think the new Frozen movie will be about?
So, what would you say is one of your all time favorite horror films?
What's your favorite movie?
What is your favorite super hero movie?
Have you seen any thriller movies you like lately?
Hey are you watching the singing show that Alicia Keys is one of judges?
Do you like any independent movies?
Have you ever seen Bridesmaids?
Have you ever seen Harry Potter?
Man i need some more Disney stuff
Do you remember the movie "Babes in Toyland"?
Do you like the Beatles
Who was the better Mary Jane you think?
What did you think of the Clone Wars?
What was the best Monty Python movie?
Can you believe the Bucks almost took the Raptors to game 7?
Hey there, what are you listening to?
It's that time, NFL season is closing in. Who in your eyes will be the team to beat?
Hey, how ya doing?
what did you think about her meat dress?
Did you hear that Bruce Springsteen is doing a month long stint on Broadway?
What's your favorite band?
What's a good movie that you just dont get?
I wonder what movie Josh picked for tonight?
What decade had the worst music?
How do you think the redskins will shape up this year?
I got a tough question for you.  Which is your favorite James Bond movie?
You hear any new music lately?
Do you think Drake is as good as everyone makes him out to be?
Have you seen the movie, "The Arrival"?
Bet you can't guess who voiced BB-8?
Oh my goodness I can't believe it.
Have you seen Aladdin?
Do you have a favorite hip-hop artist that haven't made it big in the mainstream yet?
What do you think of Kendrick Lamar?
There's this weird thing in the Star Wars prequels no one ever talks about. It's about the Chancellorship.
Did you know that Tool is releasing a new album?
Have you seen Bleed For this?
I heard the new Miley Cyrus song today, it was shocking.
Whose your favorite teacher at Hogwart's
How have you been doing lately?
Hey are you ready for some football?
What did you think about the new take on the Star Wars universe presented in the Force Awakens?
Did you see the Red Sox game last night?
Have you seen the new "Pirates" movie?
how do you like the chainsmokers?
What's up with the Chiefs this year?
Do you have a favoite light saber?
Hey how's it going?
Here's what I'm wondering.. why is Michael Vick been giving a second chance, when someone like Pete Rose can't get the time of day?
What did you think of the movie, "Interstellar"?
What is your favorite Toy Story movie?
What is your mom's favorite genre of music?
If you could only listen to one rap artist for the rest of your life who would it be?
Hi.
What do you think of The Who?
What are still some of your favorite Kids movies?
We watched the entire Rocky movie set this weekend.
What is the most horrible movie you have ever seen?
What do you think is the music for gen X?
My friend keeps teasing me because I've never seen Dumb and Dumber.
I really enjoy war movies
Do you remember Duran Duran?
When do you think Snoop Dogg will make another album?
Tell me the Star Wars movies you have seen recently.
How has the game of basketball changed over the years?
Do you like Adam Sandler movies?
I have such a big crush on Matt Wolfe.
Did you see Suicide Squad?
Do you know about Notorious BIG?
What movie did you guys go see last night?
Do you gamble on the NFL?
What are you listening to on your MP3 player?
Do you watch a lot of movies?
Who is your favorite Fast and Furious character?
Have you seen  Blow?
Did you ever watch the two Conjuring movies?
Who is your favorite comedy actor?
Are you still listening to The Dead?
I think the NBA season should be cut to 50 games.
What do you think of the latest Superman movie?
I rewatched Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone last night.
What's your opinion on the Beatles white album?
Hi.
Would you go to see lady Gaga live?
What did you think of the Harry Potter series?
What do you think of the new stuff by Lady Gaga?
You know in Bambi when his mum dies, did you cry?
who do you like between madonna and lady gaga?
Do you listen to country music?
Did you see the game last night between the Carolina Panthers and Denver Broncos?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Who is the most annoying person in Star Wars?
Have you seen Guardians of the Galaxy?
Everyone has seen Finding Nemo, but have you seen the sequel called Finding Dory?
Do you remember the Walt Disney movie called Bambi?
I am so upset with the transgressions of last years Superbowl.
Didi you hear the new song by Cold Play?
Did you see Snow White & the Huntsman?
There hasn't been a good "Sword and Sandals" movie in a long time.
I heard that the original movies didn't have stunt doubles.
What's your favorite Tinkerbell movie?
Hey.
Did the 49ers fire Chip Kelly last year?
Who would you say is your favorite male musician, and who is your favorite female musician?
Do you like Guns N' Roses a lot?
What year did Toy Story come out?
I really miss the TV show Chuck.
I just saw Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets
I wonder what Gaga's next era is going to be. What kind of sound her album will have.
Let's talk about music.
Who would be your dream match up in the 2018 Superbowl?
What is your favorite animated Disney Movie?
What year did Return of the Jedi come out?
Hey i haven't been following NBA lately, what's going on?
I have a soft spot for the Beach Boys.
That's not as sad as flipping burgers at a local fast food joint for the rest of your life.
Guess what? One of the running backs for the Eagles will be signing footballs at the stadium next week, you ought to bring your kids.
We were riding in the car with some young people and Come Together by Aerosmith came on the radio.  I like that, but I really prefer the original by the Beatles.
Harry potter sucks
Who is your favorite music artist?
What's your favorite soundtrack?
So who do you think will win the NFC division in 2017?
What type of music do you listen to?
So what should I watch with Allisa?
I have listened to Ed Sheeran's "Divide"
So why does the secret organization of the killers..
Do you remember the scene from the first Fast & Furious in the Tran's garage?
What is up with the new Transformers movie?
Hi.
Have you seen any Hitchcock thriller movies?
Do you like marren morris?
So it loks like the Bucs want Ali Marpet as the center lineman.
Did you see the Little Mermaid?
Are you a fan of Sublime?
I want to be in a star wars movie one day
Remember Guns and Roses?
My favorite band is The Beatles.
Do you listen to a lot of soundtracks?
Do you plan on following a team this year.
Disney has some amazing animated films and I think Aladdin is definitely no exception.
Wanna come over for a movie night?
Have you seen any good movies?
Hey Buddy!
Have you seen the new Wonder Woman yet?
I want to learn to play something
Do you prefer going to movie theaters or watching Netflix?
Did you see the new Wonder Woman movie?
Hi. Would you like to come over tonight to watch a movie and have dinner?
Do you like The Weeknd?
Did you know they made a live-action He-Man movie?
Does singer Celine Dion still perform live?
Do you think rap music will ever be like it was in the 90s again?
What do you think about the White Album?
After Beauty and the Beast, what other classic movie do you think they will turn into a live-action film?
What do you think about the movie Snow White?
what genre of music do you listen to
I just saw the new Disney movie Star Wars: The last Jedi.
Chewie was a Wooki, right?
Do you like The Hives?
Have you seen the movie Inferno?
Do you know what instruments are in a marching band?
Whats your favorite disney movie of all time?
Are you a fan of the pop group "One Direction"?
What's your least favorite Disney character.
Have you seen Moana yet?
Do you know who won the most recent Super Bowl?
The only time I can handle Mariah Carey is during Christmas with that song playing on the radio.
I haven't heard a Shakira song in a long time.
What kind of movies do you like?
You ready for football season?
Any recommendations on a good thriller I can watch with my girlfriend this weekend?
Who is your favorite player on the Carolina Panthers?
Have  you had the  chance to  see  the  Jane doe  movie ?
We saw this awesome movie the other day.
Have you seen the new John Wick movie?
Did you end up seeing the Warcraft movie?
Have you heard of bruno mars?
What do you think was the biggest offseason acquisition this year?
Do you ever feel bad for the villains in disney?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
There were three large battle stations in the main Star Wars movies. Which would were you the most interested in?
You know how once in a while you listen to someone and expect to dislike their music because of their image?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Did you like Let Me In?
Am I the only person in the world who was not crazy about Aladdin?
Who is your least favorite character in the Harry Potter series?
I hate the whole thing in that scene in the bar
Hey, did you want to take the kids to see a movie tonight?
What is your favorite Thriller movie?
People hate on Adam Sandler all of the time but I still like him.
Have you seen the trailer for that movie American Assasin?
I am thinking of starting a fashion line.
Speaking of QestLove, I know him.
Have you seen that movie Big Hero 6?
What do you want to talk about?
I love thriller films
What do think of the controversy over the Washington NFL's team's nickname?
Do You Think Katy Perry is a top Pop Star?
I'm looking forward to Cars 3.
Who's going to be the worst team in the NFL this year?
Hey Jodie!
Where did you first hear rock songs
The Cubs are finally getting hot!
I just saw Curandero.
Which of the movies from episode I to III is your favorite?
Who do you think will win in the NFC this year?
Are there any good movies playing right now?
Hey, what do you think about music?
Have you ever played the game Rock Band? It's sick, they have a controller now that has strings like an actual guitar.
So, how was that western thriller starring Clint Eastwood's son? Have you seen it yet?
That's right! I absolutely loved the flared look and think it was very fitting for her body type.
I put an old home made music CD in last night. Guess what song was on it?
I really like watching Food Network. Why aren't there more movies about food out there?
What do you think of Cold War Kids?
What's up with Young Thug?
What is your favorite type of music?
John Wayne was my dad's favorite actor. I grew up watching a whole lot of John Wayne movies.
Hi what kind of music do you like?
What rock bands do you like?
Would the Beatles still be around today?
Who do you think is the most popular player in the NFL right now?
The last few Disney movies haven't been that good.
Have you ever hit a home run?
I'm dying to see that new Annabelle movie?
Have you seen any star wars movies lately?
Who was your favorite Potter villian.
I am excited to see the NFL games.
Do you watch football?
Have you watched any good horror movies lately?
Did you watch the game between the Braves and Blue Jays the other night?
The Empire Strikes Back is not as good as the original Star Wars
What about fast & furious makes you want to watch it?
Have you heard of Hopsin?
What's this huge stack of CDs?
What song are you listening to?
Are you a fan of Gwen Stefani's music?
What do you think of Gregory Alan Isakov?
who was your favorite child star?
Do you ever dowload bootleg movies?
I've been listening to a lot of Adele lately.
I'm in the mood for a horror movie. Do you have any recommendations?
DO you like dressing like a rocker or a punker?
I remember the good old days of NFL Monday Night Football!
Guess what I listened to this weekend?
My grandmother is 67, and she still cares about fashion.
I kind of like ABBA unironically.
Did you hear, they are doing another Dead Pool movie.
What is your favorite Jason Voorhees movie?
Did you hear about Chris Sale, Donny?
Remember that fat worm thing in the STAR WARS movie?
Have you ever heard of Travis Greene?
Less than one month from opening kick-off. You pumped?
Are you a fan of lady gaga
Hey, do you like the Disney movie Tangled?
NFL season is coming up soon!
Hey, what do you think about music?
What is the best song in the world to you
So, what would you like to do tonight?
Hey, how is your team gearing up for the new NFL season?
Remember that song "Hung Up" by Madonna?
What Adam Sandler movie do you think was his best?
Did Han Solo really shoot first in that cantina scene?
What was the last movie you saw?
Hi.
I want my daughter to see the classic Disney movie, "Cinderella".
You know, the football will be on soon.
What do you think about  that song by the group called Police," Every Breath You Take", do you like that song?
Have you ever seen The Story So Far live before?
Which LA Team are you rooting for this upcoming NFL season?
Did you get to listen to Lady Gaga's album called the Remix?
So. did you go to that Fair they had the other day?
Do you think rap counts as pop music?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
Did you ever see Speed?
Did you like the Beatles rubber soul album.
What do you think about the 49ers this season?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
I am in the mood to listen to some classic country songs.
The Force.... is it a religion woth a power or do people who blieve in it so much get power.
Getting back to Annabelle 2.
The cars in the first movie are so old
You might laugh but I just saw the Lego Movie.
IT WAS A SHAME THAT BIGGIE WAS SHOT.
HI! Have you seen Taylor Swifts latest song?
Did you read about the draft grade that the Chicago Bears got?
Did you hear Chris Cornell passed?
What kind of movies do you like? Action, comedy, drama or romance?
Seen any good mystery films lately?
do you like the fast series?
Do you know Aphrodite's Child?
Who do you think has the best stadium in the NFL?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Are you into the Beatles?
Do you watch action movies?
Are you ready to watch my Giants dominate this year?
What's your favorite music these days?
I got all misty eyed this morning when I was flipping channels.
I really enjoyed Moana.
Hey
Are you looking forward to the upcoming NFL season?
I found an old AKAI cassette machine today, model GXC-730D. When it was new in 1977 or 1979 it cost about $600.
You a fan of Muse?
HAVE YOU HEARD THE SONG OPEN MY HEART?
Do you like Katy Perry?
I'm going out shopping. Want to come.
I saw Cinderella and felt so good about the story.
What movie do you think is the best of all time?
Who is your favorite NFL \team?
What do you think is the best thriller of all time?
Did you know the Ariana Grande Benefit Concert in Manchester is going to be on TV live in the U.S, tomorrow?
What's your favorite NFL division?
Did you catch the latest Star Wars movie?
Have you ever seen Deep Blue Sea?
I totally love movies from the 80s and 90s! How about you?
I'm really excited to see how they handle the Han Solo spin off.
I know this is cheesy, but I have always been a sucker for romantic comedies.
How was American Music Abroad?
What do you think of the whole cte stuff.
Have you seen the movie How to Be a Latin Lover?
Have you seen the movie end of watch
Do you know which character I feel was underused in 'Fate of the Furious?'
How do you think the Dodgers are going to do this year?
Hey what is your favorite football team?
I'm not really into most popular music nowadays?
What was your favorite part from Frozen?
I just recently started to get into Lady Gaga's music.
You know what's crazy?
Which actor do you think wreck most of the famous sports car he drives?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Michael Jackson's Thriller is my favorite record of all time.
What have you been doing today, aside from not cleaning your room at all?
I watched Monsters University finally!
Do you have a read on the Vikings this year?
Do you like punk music?
I saw a Punch Brothers concert yesterday.
Did you ever notice that nobody worries about Jasmine when she goes missing in Aladdin?
Did you see the latest Star Wars movie?
My husband and I watched a great movie last night.
How do you feel about the new Star Wars movies?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Sup bro, how's the weather?
The start of the NFL season is only about 2 months away now.
What do you think about the new Tron remake?
Bro, you ready for football?
Did you see guardians of the galaxy too
Did they reuse the Darth costume for the prequels.
What movie moment has stayed with you years later?
What are students wearing now when it comes to interviews?
Do you remember the group that Justin Timberlake was in?
Have you seen the Imitation Game?
My favorite sport is football. What is yours?
Tame Impala is really changing the game
I saw where a new Aladdin should be coming to theater soon.
Hey
Are youa fan of Lady GaGa?
Boy, the weather is certainly miserable today.
Whose music do you like better, Katy Perry or Taylor Swift?
Do you like the Dallas Cowboys?
Who's your favorite 90's band?
Whatever happened to Darude?
What is your favorite Star Wars Movie?
What Disney movie, would you love to see a sequel to?
You've seen Psycho right?
Who do you think wins the NFC South this year?
Hi
I have not been albe to stp listening to this band.
Have you ever wanted to play in the NFL?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
Do you want to go see Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales?
I heard you really enjoyed the Beatles show in Vegas.
what do you think of halsey
I seriously cannot live without music.
So let's say you had to pick one Batman movie, it has to be the best. Which one?
Do you watch NFL football?
I'm so excited I get to see Rhett and Link in person in December!!
All right another movie discussion lunch.  Today we were going to talk about Redford.
I'm really impressed that the Fast & Furious movies are able to get such great actors to join the franchise.
what kind of movies do you like
Have you ever seen the Final Destination series?
Hi.
I just saw Star Wars IV.
What do you think of Audioslave?
Who is looking really good this year to go all the way?
What do you think of the song million reasons.
have you heard of 1975
Guess what they made a movie about Tupac again
Have you seen Fantastic Beast and Where to find them?
Are you ready to be quizzed?
Lets talk about the 1st rao song you can remember.
Would you consider Hanson a one hit wonder
Hi
have you listened to the new ghost?
Hey, did you see the newest Star Wars movies?
I love that wedding dress. Look at those pearl beads.
Wow, I just saw a video by Felonious Lads.
Have you ever heard of Ed Sheeran?
Hey
Hey! Did you get around to seeing La La Land?
So, what do you think of David Bowie?
aint you joining me to the presidential rally tonight
How do you think the Eagles will do against the rest of the NFC East this year?
We only have two month left iuntil the season starts!!!
How do you feel about the Texas Chainsaw Massacre?
I don't like it when you go to a game and there is missive playing as that batters walk up.
Who do you think Rey's father is?
What is the last pop song you've heard?
I saw you have quite an NFL collection in your house.
The Phillies ended their 4 game losing streak last night.
The Rob Zombie movie "House of 1000 Corpses" is quite disturbing.
Did you see the new Rogue One movie?
Do you like Tom Cruise movies?
I want to update my wardrobe with some spring pieces soon.
Ugh, I can tell my friend used my pandora last.
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Yes that's correct D, C,F, E is what you get transpose Bb, G#, C#,  C.
What is your favorite decade for rock music?
I like THE BREAKFAST CLUB.
Have you ever listened to Kacey Musgraves?
What's your favorite movie?
What kind of rap music do you like?
I keep trying to show my kids movies that I watched growing up, and... how were we allowed to watch this stuff? They're good movies, but good grief, the thought of exposing my kids to the attitudes and the language and the violence in these...
I am looking for good "children's" music, do you know of any?
Who is your favorite rock band?
Did you see that hot take about fielding rules?
Have you seen the movie It Comes At Night?
This is going to sound weird but I kind of felt bad for Darth Vader.
Hey man, you ready for the NFL to start.
Which of the original Star Wars trilogy was your favorite?
So, I just saw the whole Harry Potter series, again, for the second time.
Hey man, the NFL preseason starts up August 3rd
Did you hear people are complaining about the new Beauty and the Beast?
Whew
Do you like Anime
Do you like Battle Raps at all?
Hi Jimmy, Sonya here.  I am calling to find out if you have seen that latest movie on John Wick, Chapter two.
Have you heard of the Movie Top Gun?
Strangers on a Train is definitely my favorite Alfred Hitchcock films.
Did you see Heat?
Do you remember when the Falcons too Ryan in 2008.
Mary poppins was such a good movie
Do you plan on watching the upcoming NFL season?
whar year did Michael Jacksons song Rock with you come out?
I don't know why you root for the Pats
Hi! Did you hear Britney Spears new song?
Are you a fan of Disney movies?
what do you think the top ten songs of all time are?
what's your faovirte artist in pop music?
Did you hear How Tom Brady upset the Pittsburgh Penguin fans?
Isn't it insane to think that the Miami Dolphins went undefeated?
Man, my neighbors are playing such loud music all the time lately!
Okay if you had to pick a side, whose side would you pick, Buzz or Woody?
Do you know much about the history of baseball?
Who is your favorite female pop singer?
I have another Joan Crawford,Bette Davis thriller for you. How about Hush Hush,Sweet Charlotte.
Hey Shayne what's going on with you today?
Have you checked out Avengers?
Did you catch the Chargers game last night?
I wished there was something decent on to watch!
Sometimes in the summer, when radio reception is good, I like to do what I used to do when i was a kid.
I'm looking for a good horror movie.
I just watched the movie Ted 2. Have you ever seen it?
I had to see North By Northwest for film class.
Are you excited for the new Star Wars movie? I think it's coming out around Christmas.
So my wife want's to watch Harry Potter tonight but I feel i'm too old to watch the movies what do you think?
What disney movie do you really like?
What team do you follow?
which is your favoruute Disney movie?
Are you much of a Beatles fan?
Hey
Have you listened to Harry Styles' new songs.
Did you see Rogue One yet?
Do you like to learn about film history?
Do you like The Beatles?
Caddyshack
One of my favorite thrillers is Taken, have you seen it?
Have you seen the remake of Dirty Dancing?
Tron was such a disappointing movie.
Hey, Shirley, what do you think of the Beatles?
Did you like George Michael more when he was in Wham! or when he was a solo artist?
I want to meet my idol one day
What's your favorite classic Disney movie?
Did you watch any of the newer Star Wars movies?
Have you heard the latest Justin Bieber album?
I just saw the new Beauty and the Beast!
So have you been listening to any good music lately?
Did you ever watch The Gift?
Do you like any of the music from the 1980s?
Did you ever see Inception?
What do you think of the Beatles?
Are you a rock fan?
What is your favorite star wars scene?
Have you seen the new beauty and the beast?
I'm trying to think of some songs that have to do with dogs.
Do you think Gaga will be able to continue to reinvent herself?
Why didn't the Wookie get a medal in A New Hope?
I just saw Beauty and the Beast.
Do you like the song "Yellow Submarine"?
I really need to listen to music while I work, but my iPod is broken.
You know what I miss? Doowop music.
So Johnny Depp came out with a new movie
Have you seen that movie "Babette's Feast"?
I watched Jaws again the other night.
Hi
you like zeppelin?
I want to watch some  movie. Can you provide me some suggestions?
How do you think the next NFL season will go?
Do you remember Woodstock?
I just listened to this artist named Esperanza Spalding.
Have you seen Cars 3 yet?
Did you hear about how a Star Wars character caused a school lock down last month?
Hey, you into football at all?
Have there been any good horror movies released lately?
Hey!
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast yet?
Have you seen a Manfred Mann concert?
How many NFL teams are there?
What team do you think has the best defense in the league?
What do you think of Lorde's new album?
What is your favorite Harry Potter movie?
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
Are you a Beatles fan?
I finally got my kids to watch some of the Harry Potter movies!
I love lady gaga so much!
Do you like Zack Brown Band?
Do you like basketball
Which is your favorite robot in the Star Wars movies?
what movies coming this sunmmer?
Was one better than two?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Who would you say is the most influential rapper
Did you ever see Frontier Gal?
Hey, what do you think about football?
What have you been listening to lately?
Have you seen the Get Out movie?
Did you like Vin Diesel's acting in The Fast and the Furious?
What is your take on the whole revamp of movies?
Do you like adventure movies?
Why do you think so many movies are made in California?
Do you think football is losing its popularity?
What music have you been listening to lately?
What's your favorite part of the Goblet of Fire?
Have you ever heard the song "All You Need Is Love"?
do you know angel down?
There's certain music or songs that you listen to and afterwards you feel like you commited a sin.
Do you think the 76ers are a playoff team next year?
You know what movie I think of all the time?
Do you like baseball?
My daughter got me listening to a new band.
Which NFL team do you think has the best defense in the league?
Do you happen to know something
katy perry or taylor swift?
YOu know Gaga wears some weird stuff
What would you say is the ultimate date movie?
I just found out they're making a sequel!
Who's the other player that won 5 superbowls?
What music decade is your favorite?
I wonder where the Jedi *originally* came from.
What is your favorite Sci Fi movie?
Have you seen any great movie classics lately?
What do you think the best Disney movie is?
When was the last time you watched the original Star Wars trilogy?
Hey, so who is your favorite rock band?
Hey, did you watch the KC and Rays game last night?
How's the Raven's looking so far?
Do you think rock music is getting old.
Have you heard the new Sza album?
Have you seen the Star Wars movies?
What is your favorite character in Star Wars?
Did you go to cinema to watch Cars 3 during the weekend?
Chance the Rapper is coming to Essence Fest this Sunday.
Will Kanye go down as the best?
HAVE YOU HEARD OF THE MOVIES EVERYTHING ?
Have you heard of Steve Gadd?
Have you seen ANACONDA?
Hey I hear the new Aliens movie is out.
I think every one should be forced to watch the Harry Potter films.
I was thinking back to my college days today and my early 20's. Music was something that came to mind. What kinds of music makes you think back on those times?
It's time for what movie for movie night.
Hi
Have you ever really listened to a compared songs from the Beatles first few years until there last?
It's tough to be a football fan in the bay area.
What super hero movie should I watch?
The Empire Strikes Back is, in many ways, even better than Star Wars.
Do you think Derrick Rose is done?
If you could pick your favorite comedy movie, what would that be?
What was your favorite part of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Have you ever been to any live concerts of Ariana Grande?
How many games do they play in an NFL season?
who gives the best performance of batman?
Yo you wanna go see that basket ball game?
How cool were the pod racers in The Phantom Menace?
What is your favorite comedy?
Daren did you watch that blowout yesterday ?
Do you by any chance have a favorite character in the Fast & Furious movies?
Can you think of any songs from movies that became song classics?
Do you like Rick Ross?
So what kind of music do you like?
Is the new Star Wars movie out yet?
What's your favorite movie?
Jack Reacher, did you like it?
Were you a big Limp Bizkit fan?
Who has been the biggest rock band of the 2000s decade?
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy?
Did you want to go with me to a concert next week?
Who do you think is the G.O.A.T. (Greatest of all-time)?
What do you think of Han Solo dying in the Force Awakens movie?
Tell me an interesting story about music.
Have you seen the live action version of Beauty and the Beast?
Do you listen to any rap music?
What last car movie you seen?
Hey, do you like star wars?
Do you watch baseball
what type of music do you like
Have you ever heard of 8-bit music?
The GREEN BAY PACKERS won the first Super Bowl.
What is your favorite Lady Gaga song from 2016?
Have you seen that new movie with Tom Cruise?
Are there any underrated pop bands?
Did you like the LIon King?
Chicken Little was just an okay movie. Did you ever see that one?
The Football is going to be on soon!
Hi.
Hey what did you think about the New Beauty and the Beast that they launched this year?
Do you think Dak Prescott can get Dallas to a championship this year?
What thriller films  have you watched lately?
Hi there.
Did you watch the Jungle book?
Did you ever watch the Harry Potter series?
What is a good movie that comes out this weekend?
What do you think of Rihanna?
What was your favorite song from Frozen?
Your birthday is coming up, what do you want?
Hey.
Yes. and you said no.
Why do people call Michael Jackson "The King of Pop?"
I am sick of Isiah Thomas.
Who's the best Disney princess?
What was your favorite Harry Potter Movie?
Do you like David Spade?
Do you know the artist "Delerium"?
Have you seen any thriller movies about dinosaurs?
What was your favorite movie growing up as a child?
Did you take that culinary coarse you were telling me about?
What rap music have you been listening to lately?
Have you seen Toy Story That Time Forgot?
How do you think Kylo Ren and Rey are related?
Can anyone beat the Patriots this season?
What do you think of the Die Hard franchise.
You want to hear something funny
Do you remember the movie The Shaggy D.A. ?
So you think there ever be another Superbowl Team like the 1985 Chicago Bears?
What's your favorite comedy of all time?
Hey there, I'm pretty excited for the football season to start, are you?
Did you like Yoda as a character?
Have you ever heard of Slum Village?
R2-D2 or BB-8?
I remember when the animated Lion King came out.
Do you like star wars?
Have you heard the new song by Coldplay?
Do you still listen to Project 86?
Do you think the Celtics have a chance tonight?
Holes is a movie all about luck, wouldn't you say?
Guess what movie I watched yesterday.
Do you think Woodstock is ever held again?
Just got done watching some movies from when we were growing up.
Hey, have you seen that movie Nine Lives?
Would you say you have pretty eclectic musical taste?
You have to go see La La Land.
Did you ever get to go see Kong: Skull Island?
You know Tarantino makes some great movies.
I love Fleetwood Mac, do you like them?
Ever heard of Kimbra? She's a pop artist from New Zealand, I think.
I always put you on to great music don't I?
What were your favorite Disney movies of 2016?
Watch the Warriors last night?
Wreck it Ralph s my son's favorite movie
What do you think is funny the hangover or bridesmaids?
I was looking through my attic over the weekend and found some old VHS videos.
Did you see Rouge One?
I'm excited to see Guardians of the Galaxy 2.
It's not racism, right?
Freaky Friday was such a a cool movie
Do you enjoy the eagles?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Why was Poe Dameron so absent in The Force Awakens?
Hey Bob, can I join you for lunch?
What is your favorite Brad Pitt movie?
Do you think the Browns will be improved this season?
Did you ever like Paula Abdul?
You've seen Titantic, right?
What did you think about the fact that the kids at Hogwarts were always seemingly in danger?
What do you think of Mariah Carey.
My son is an ice hockey player. What sports do your children play?
What's a good action movie to watch?
Do you listen to 'Portugal. The Man?'
Damn, man.
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Where do you think the new Infinity Wars will take place?
do you listen to rock music
You gotta check them out for real
Who is going to win the NBA chip this year?
Which do you prefer? East coast hip hop or West Coast hip hop?
Okay, can we talk about how bad the Burrow burning scene was in Half-Blood Prince?
Do you listen to the Beatles?
Do you ever just think about Disney's classic Cinderella?
Whose rocking with Taylor Swift?
Are you a fan of thriller movies?
Is the Bears game on?
What are your feelings about Meatloaf?
How is your favorite fast and furious actor?
I was looking through my DVD's and found a great movie.
Are you going to watch movies tonight?
Do you like John Hamm?
So, what is a good thriller movie?
With the Miami Dolphins Tight ends, the big question is Julius Thomas.
What is your favorite form in classical music?
Were you a fan of Sean Combs?
Is Bradley Cooper a funny actor?
Did you know what NOS was when you watched The Fast and the Furious?
Pulp Fiction is on HBO so I just decided to watch it.
is it just me or some of the Avengers not really that good of superheroes.
Whats your favorite star wars movies?
do you like the beatles
Have you listened to any Lionel Richie songs lately?
Are you excited for the football season this year?
What do you think about the rapper Lil Boosie?
Do you like covers of the Beattles songs?
Do you think the last Harry Potter movie ended well?
Did you see any streams from Glastonbury?
So do the Celtics have any chance of taking a game from the Cavs?
Would you consider Elton John pop?
I hated the second Dumbledore?
What's with Ovechkin?
Are you into Eastwood action films?
What team in the NFL has the best defense right now?
I have the song Yeah Boy stuck in my head.
Did you see that game between the Panthers and Seahawks?
What's up?
Who are some of your favorite directors?
So, have you watched star wars?
What's one of your favorite movies?
Which band do you miss most from when you were in high school?
I cannot wait for the NFL season to start.
Have you heard of Porcupine Tree?
I remember there was this one artist back when I was younger who had great music.
I cannot believe how well the Arizona Coyotes have been playing this season.
Man I miss Kelly's work in the NFL
Do you know who N.W.A. is?
how many star wars movies are there?
You up for a game of Beatles Trivia?
Hey! What's up?
Hi Ella!, how is everything? we are ending June and feels like christmas so far!
Man, I miss Biggie Smalls.
Have you seen the movie Frozen from Disney?
Do you think Rap and Hip-Hop today is the same as it used to be?
Man this game
I feel like going for a run, do you suggest a play list?
I haven't watched any good comedies lately.
Hey
Did you see the 2009 movie, Moon?
What was the last movie you saw?
Have you heard of the latest Ed Sheran album?
Have you heard of that song Florida Georgia Line?
Do you like prince ?
What's your favorite type of music?
My favorite Fast and Furious movie has to be number 6.
Was Darth Vader in the first Star Wars movie, or the second one?
Man this new album sucks
Do you like Will Ferrell movies?
Hi there.
Did you watch the Warriors play last night?
Who's your favorite pop artist of the seventies?
How exciting will the Panthers be this year?
How do you think Age of Ultron will go?
I think they should continue the series.
I can't stop listening to Meatloaf lately.
So, we've got most of the details settled, but what kind of music should our new burger shop play?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Did you see the basketball game last night?
Do you have a favorite comedy movie out right now?
What do you think about Selena Gomez's new single?
How many movies can you remember were about NFL Football?
Read any good comic books lately?
Do you like the Jesus and Mary Chain?
I love the Beatles so much! Do you like them?
I watched the movie This is the End for the first time last night. I really enjoyed it.
Who is your favorite band?
What do you think was the best movie of 2014?
So I have to tell you about this new album I just heard.
Can you tell me why their is not more types of rap
Have you seen that kids movie Sing?
Oh my God wasn't Moana the greatest!
Do you like a lot of music with piano?
Hi there.
Do you remember the band Motley Crue?
I went to a Band of Horses conert the other night.
Have you seen the latest kids movie? I need some recommendations
Who do you think is the worst NFL player right now?
Do you think Rey is going to end up being Luke's daughter?
I think music is heading in the right direction
They were such a creative unique talent.
Do you watch music shows like American Idol?
Do you know what year Sleeping Beauty came out?
What do you think is the best part of the Harry Potter series?
Favorite action movie?
Hi there.
Who is the best rock guitarist?
Have you seen Aladdin?
Did you see cure for wellness?
How many different actor played the batman in the recent times, anyway?
Did you ever hear of Daughn Gibson?
Have you seen any thrillers recently?
Can't wait to eat at the game.
Do you like comedy movies?
Do you like the NFL?
Tell me a little bit about why you like The Beatles so much. I understand your Mom liked them.
I really like superman
They have seriously got to stop turning movies into musicals.
Who is a female pop artist you like listening to?
Do you think the Spurs will win it this year?
What are your thoughts on suicide squad?
Do you have a favorite Woody Allen comedy?
Can you recommend me an album from the beatles
Hey
Did you see that new Cars movie? From what I heard it is pretty awesome.
What was your favorite Seth Rogen movie?
What do you think of that new Kendrick Lamer single?
How about those Cavaliers?
Seen anything interesting in the theaters lately?
Have you seen the movie Doctor Doolittle?
Have you seen Get Out?
Hey do you listen to Grace Vanderwaal?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you know that the movie Aladdin is based on a popular tale in Arabia?
I feel like renting an off the wall goofy movie.  Any ideas?
I had a really hard Guitar Lesson today!
Why do you think so many of the Disney Princess always have a tragic back story?
Did you watch the Red Sox game last night?
What would you say is your favorite Disney character?
Action seems to be one of the strongest genres going. I mean, John Wick alone
Jar-Jar always gets a bad rep with fans.
Hey do you remember the name of the evil woman in Sleeping Beauty?
What did you think of the new Logan movie?
One small change to make a good movie, great?
Didi you see the latest Matthew McConaughey?
If you had to pick a DT to build around, who would it be?
Do you like death metal?
The Muppets were so much fun, I liked shaggy dog
What's a good comedy we can watch?
This playoffs this year have been really disappointing.
Mate, have you seen the live action Jungle Book.
Have you seen Star Wars?
What do you think of all the superhero movies out now?
I want a marvel DC crossover
Do you like Taylor Swift?
Quick! What's your favorite theme song ever?
What is your favorite Bill Murray movie?
Have you ever been to North Carolina?
Have you seen any of the Godfather movies?
what film could you rewatch time and time again?
How do you feel about pop punk?
Do you like Janet Jackson?
I feel like going to the movies this weekend. How about you?
are u excited for the cleveland game tonight?
Like any global pop music artists?
Did you see any of the old Disney films in theaters?
So here is a question about Star Wars, why is it not more disturbing that Leia and Luke pretty much got it on?
Do you think Coldplay is a good group?
What do you think Spiderman evolves into?
what did you think of finding dory
What is your favorite kind of music?
Did you see Rogue one?
What is the most memorable scene from the movie, 27 Dresses?
Have you seen any good horror films lately?
What's the projection for the nest year? Who's the best team?
Do you remember the Sonny and Cher show?
I still haven't seen the last Hobbit movie, should I?
Did you like Jar Jar Binks?
What is a good movie to buy for my Dad for Fathers Day?
How much do you like pop music?
What kind of mucis do you listen to?
Do you think New York has a chance this year?
Have you seen that thriller movie, 'Split'?
Lets talk about music
Wow, Lady Gaga is an amazing singer!
Have you seen the taken movies?
How influential do you think the Beatles were or are?
Who do you think will be the NFL's rookie of the year for 2017-2018?
NFL is about to start.  Are you excited?
Have you seen the new Moana movie yet?
What do you think about hip hop now a days?
What do you think about Radiohead?
What's going on with the Cleveland Browns?
Why are there so many Saw movies.
I don't want to watch Disney movies tonight.
What's your favorite Stars Wars movie?
Hey, man. About a month left before football starts.
Hey what do you think about the new Sam Hunt single?
I agree Cobain was great. However, I don't think you can beat the rock music from the 1960's or 1970's.
Do you like Lady Gaga?
Did you see what happened in the news today?
I just found this playlist of throwback hits from when we were in high school.
What rock band do you like a lot?
Are you into rock music?
You ever feel like you wanted to talk to someone about certain movies because you like conversing about how good they where.
So the winningest QB for the superbowl is Brady?
Are you planning on checking out the new DJ Khaled album?
Did you catch Arrival?
What was the last Star Wars movie to come out?
This has been a boring day, not much to do!
I finally watched it! That M. Night Shymalan thriller!
Hey, the new Arcade Fire video is up!
Hey who is your favorite NFL team?
Have you ever seen Ice Age?
We need to decide on a movie for movie night.
What is your favorite Star Wars movies out of the prequel trilogy?
A lot of NFL players do some great things for charity, but you sometimes don't hear much about it.
Have you ever heard of the Monkees?
Lady gaga is at her best when she plays with just a piano.
Do pop musicians still play the piano?
Do you like R Kelly ?
Have you heard Lady Gaga's new album?
Lets talk about the beatles
What do you think is the ultimate action film?
Did you hear Gayle Sayers might have that Concussion Condition that football eventually get?
Hmmm, what dance would go best with this dance?
I just got some new guitar strings. Gonna put them on.
Can you believe Frozen is getting a sequel?
Dude, football season is comming up.
You're stranded on a desert island and can only have one Disney movie to watch forever. What is it?
Lets talk about comedy movies.
Want to pick up a movie tonight?
You're a big fan of the Harry Potter books, aren't you?
What genre of movies do you like the best?
When did the very first Star Wars movie come out?
What do you think of anime music?
What do you think JJ Watts?
Do you like thriller movies, and if so which ones?
I loved Moana.
Last year the Rams moved to LA. The Chargers moved to LA starting in 2017.
What is your favorite Jim Carrey movie?
Have you seen Green Room?
I was just reminiscing about when I saw "The Empire Strikes Back". You know, I felt pretty helpless after watching that movie.
What ever happened to Bad Boy?
What do you think of Toni Braxton?
Did you ever see World War Z?
Are you a big Dan Fogelberg fan?
What' your favorite movie?
What are some movies you like from the 90's?
Been to any good concerts lately?
I LIKED ELVIS AND ALL OF HIS MUSIC
Have you been hearing any rap music lately?
I wonder what the earliest musical instrument is.
Have you seen the Indiana Jones movies?
How in the world are the Minnesota Twins leading the AL Central
Did you ever see 28 days later?
I wonder if we'll ever get 3D releases of the other Star Wars movies.
Do you think that Bears have the worst font office in the NFL?
How did techno music come to be created?
Does Jennifer Lopez still make music?
why do you even like horror movies?
Did you see the Cincinnati Reds baseball game last night?
Who in the Star Wars (Expanded Universe) series, was your favorite villain?
Are you excited about the NFL football season to start back?
Are you ready for some football? Training camp is only a month or so away.
Hillary Clinton is still in the news.
Did you listen to tupacs music?
I found a new group, (new to me at least) that I like. Kaleo. Ever heard of them?
Have you seen any great movies this year?
What is your favorite rock song
Hey, what do you think of the Termites.
What do you think of female rappers?
What do you think of 21 Pilots?
In the Star Wars movies, why does everyone accept the clones, from the second episode.
I saw the greatest movie on HBO yesterday. It was called Empire Records, have you ever seen it?
Did you hear Lupe Fiasco's newest cd?
What sorta music do you want to play for the cook out
Are you ready for the NFL season?
Been to any good concerts recently?
I was watching a video online and it made me have to ask you: What is one movie that you like or don't hate, but most people you know do?
Did you hear about that new movie that Mel Gibson directed?
Did you see Lady Gaga's Super bowl performance this year?
How about those Jets this year?
So, I started listening to k-pop recently.
Have you ever seen Scary Movie from 2000?
Did you ever see Stepbrothers?
Did you hear about the new Han Solo movie?
It's only two months away from the start of the season. I can't wait.
I've been on a Beatles kick lately.
Hey
What was the latest Disney movie you've seen?
Hey, what do you think about football?
What's your favorite newer Disney movie?
What's your favorite Beatles album?
Did you see that they put Lilo and Stitch on Netflix?
Have you seen Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back?
I actually like Denver Broncos for winning this year.
Maybe it's just me, the The Sixth Sense is so overrated.
Did you see the new Bridget Jones movie?
Do you like the fast and the furious movies?
Did you see the movie Takers?
Do you like movies that mess with your mind?
Do you know that The Lion King was essentially Hamlet right?
What is in style this season?
What do you think of U2?
Did you see Frozen?
Do you like Billy Joel?
Have you heard the new Cloakroom single?
There sure were a lot of great bands in the seventies.
Whats your favorite horror film?
What are your thoughts on Beauty and the Beast?
Music seems to be often associated with subcultures.
I think John Williams is one of the best composers who is alive today.
I saw Revenant with Leonardo Di Caprio last week.
Every time I watch The Fox and The Hound I cry.
Did you see Kelly Rowland at the Gala last night?
Are you ready for this years NFL season?
I saw Gone Girl.
What was the last concert you saw ?
Who do you think is the best female rapper of all time?
What do you think was DeNiro's best work?
have you ever heard of the superbowl curse?
Who was your favorite Disney character growing up?
We're talking about Debussy
So, what do you think of the NLF Hall of Fame class for 2018?
Why was Moana so bad?
The Beatles are great.
How did you like Rogue One, you have seen it right?
Did you know that they are making a Spider-Man spin off movie?
Did you hear that Childish Gambino is retiring from making music?
So what do you think of Kylo Ren?
What kind of music do you like?
When you think of Kurt Russell movies, is there one that comes to mind?
You know a lot about The Beatles, right?
Can you believe they killed off Hans Solo?
Do you know movie Lady and the Tramp?
I have a question about Star Wars that has been bugging me for a while.
So, what did you think of Frozen?
I head that song "U Can't touch this today, that song still makes me wanna dance.
Do you remember that band Puddle of Mudd?
Do you remember the 2016 Grammys?
How did you like fast and furious 1?
Have you heard the new Harry Stules album?
I just finished watching a really good thriller by Hitchcock!
so how are you entertaining me when i visit yours.
I am really drawn to alternative christian rock. What do you think about it?
Is Bonny and Clyde a good movie?
Have you seen that movie, Planes, Trains, and Automobiles?
Did you study music in school?
Do you watch movies on the disney channel?
Did you see the movie Malificent?
I need a new workout playlist. The playlist I have now just isn't motivating me anymore.
Are you into rock music at all?
So, my husband doesn't like the Beatles!
Why were Luke and Leia sent to different families on different planets after Padme's death?
Did you see the movie Moana?
Oh yeah! Channing Tatum too?
Did you heard that Radiohead is releasing a reissue of Ok Computer?
Did you see the movie Seven?
What did you think about 'Pitch Perfect?'
Have you been to any concerts lately?
Would you consider Creed the worst rock band around?
Modest Mouse's "Rock the boat" is a great indie rock tune.
I finally saw the new Beauty and Beast movie.
Hey there.
What is your favorite music genre?
What would you say is the most overrated movie of all time?
How many Halloween movies are there?
What are you playing
Are you a fan of music festivals?
Who were the big winners at the 2017 Oscars?
Have you ever seen Se7en?
What do you think of Low Down Dirty Blues?
Do you like to watch musicals?
I could watch Tangled every day of my life!
Do you like the concept of the Death Star in Star Wars?
Who is your favorite Beatles member?
Who is your favorite character in Star Wars?
Did you like the movie Wreck-It Ralph?
It's too bad they killed off Solo.
How old were you when you first heard The Beatles?
So i was watching this movie called Lucy last week.
Do you like rap music?
Hey do you play video games
Have you heard Hamilton? I'm obsessed.
I just saw Gardians of the Galaxy 2
Are you going to go see that new Transformers movie?
Have you seen gone girl?
Were you ever a Kiss fan?
Who's your favorite Fast and Furious character?
Do you think Nirvana would be a big deal if they came out today?
I heard this song on the radio is called Gold by kiiara
Hey bro
I just found our old DVD's. We watched The Little Mermaid.
I need to buy some new jeans, but I'm not sure which style to get.
Do you like disney movies
Hey Frank how was your weekend?
What you doing?
Could you change the radio station please.
Do you like older horror movies?
Remember the Disney movie Alladin?
Do you remember Case?
Did you listen to Rush when you were younger?
How can you not have seen the start wars prequels? How is that even possible?
If you think about how much influence the Beatles had on the popular music, it's not hard to understand why they've been so successful.
Over the weekend, we watched The Little Mermaid.
Which NFL team do you think has the best mascot?
I am so bored right now!
We have been watching Rapuzel a lot lately.
Did you catch the season opener?
Who's your favorite hip-hop star?
Have you ever noticed the amount of time travel romance movies?
I'm trying to make the perfect party playlist.
Do you like Thriller movies?
Do you think that the Seattle Seahawks could make another Super Bowl appearance this year?
So I watched a Robin Williams movie the other day.
Whats your all time favorite Thriller Movie?
I can't wait for the NFL to start!
Are you a fan of Return of the Jedi?
How many albums did The Beatles record?
Which is your favorite of the three Toy Story movies?
Finding Nemo was a great Disney movie, don’t you think?
Ready to see Kirk Cousins light up the field this year?
Hi, there. Are you a Beatles fan?
I just watched my favorite Disney movie ever!
What do you think of folk music?
Did you hear about NFL losing more ads?
Hey - have you been paying attention to the music charts lately? It's interesting to see how many people I've never heard of!
I saw Pocahontas yesterday.
Is there anyone cooler than Butch Walker?
Did you see any of the fashion at the met ball this year ?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast yet?
Have you ever watched any Indiana Jones movies?
I love movies don't i honey you seem to love them too so did you ever see that movie I spit on your grave?
Is Paul Walker the main guy in The Fast and the Furious?
what is your favorite Star Wars movie?
It makes me laugh when a band has a greatest hits come out after only releasing two albums.
Do you ever listen to Lil Wayne?
Have you ever heard of the musical group by the name Needtobreathe?
I'm bored of all of the music on my computer. What should I listen to?
What do you think of the new movie coming up, War for the Planet of the Apes?
dont ou love a song that reminds and brings you back to a moment in your life
Nice weather out today
Did you hear that U2 is coming to town?
Have you been getting ready for the new Fantasy season?
EJ just got picked by the Bills.
Why do you think that old Ben kenobi let Darth Vader kill him like that in A New Hope?
Hi
I saw Only Lovers Left Alive.
What's that brown guy on Star Wars called?
Did you see the latest Dumb and Dumber?
What's your favorite zombie movie?
Ugh...this is driving me crazy...
Hey, what do you think about football?
Which song was your favorite that Lady Gaga performed during the Superbowl Half time show?
I wanna watch an old movie. Do you have any recommendations?
Did you ever watch the movie called Identity with John Cusack?
What types of music do you like?
Lets talk about football
Hey, did you hear about Dexter Holland?
Did you listen to ASAP Rocky's newest CD?
What is the scariest horror movie of all time?
My daughter thinks that Kurt Russell and Patrick Swayze look alike. Do you?
Ever hear of DJ Muro?
Have you ever seen Super Size Me?
Did you hear what happened at the Ariana Grande concert?
Who is the best female rapper?
Since Force Awakens Lea has been in the older movies and now the new one.
You ever see Friday the 13th?
White Chicks is one my all time favorite comedies.
Who do you think is the best running back in the NFL?
Have you ever heard of the Frames?
what is pop music, anyway?
There are a lot of great young running backs in the league.
Who is luke?
Do you like slasher horror films?
Do you think the Yankees will make it to the post-season this year?
Have you seen any new movies you would recommend?
Ever hear Cathy Richardson?
Do you know what kind of music I love listening to my friend its called Rap music. I like the kind of rap music from back in the day too.
Did you know  Dave Grohl played for Nirvana?
Do you remember the early 2000s rock scene?
Hey
Have you heard about the bombings in London?
Have you heard the new Drake track yet?
Have you listened to Lady Gaga's new albume?
Who is your favorite rock band?
dude. patriots got an easy schedule this season.
I heard that Lucas wanted Luke to fall to the Dark Side at the end of Return of the Jedi.
2017 is looking like a good year for the movies
Did you see that movie "Labor Day" that has been on television a lot lately?
Are you a fan of the Philadelphia Eagles?
I am starting a new band!
What is your thriller?
Outside of The Godfather Parts 1, 2, and 3, what's the best mob movie of all time?
Are there any good thriller movies out in theaters?
Do you think Jerry Rice was the best.
Who's playing right now?
What was your favorite movie in the Star Wars franchise?
My sister told me to watch the movie Keanu.
Do you ever worry that your kids will think that the historical movies today are really what happened?
Have you seen RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK?
Cars three is here, are you going?
Do you like romantic comedies?
Do you like The patriots?
Did Disney make any sci fi films?
What do you think of Neil diamond going out on his fiftieth anniversary tour.
Hey, did you hear about Chris Cornell?
Do you think the Panthers might pull through again like they did in 2015?
Who was the original actor in "The Mechanic"?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
I know you're a Lady Gaga fan, but what's your favorite song?
I heard that you like horror movies. Have you seen anything new lately?
When was the best era of disney movies?
Hey man, what's up?
Whenever I play games, I like to listen to my own music.
Do you ever see any of the videos that show people with bizarre musical instruments?
Hi Danielle!
Hi!
Who are your favorite NFL announcers of all time? They don't necessarily need to be current.
So, I heard you like The Beatles.
Which Die Hard movie is your favorite?
What Lady Gaga song do you think would be good to work out to?
Who is your favorite musical artist?
Identity was on T.V. last night.
Are you interested in football at all?
Whats your favorite type of music?
What was your first concert ever?
Hi ! How was your weekend?
I saw Star Wars at the theater in 1977!
What is your favorite Johnny Depp movie?
Have you seen the movie Suicide Squad?
Do you think Kylo Ren is a good proxy for Darth Vader?
Favorite Pokemon Movie?
Who was the guy that had the Baby Got Back song?
What's your favorite NFL team?
Inception, thoughts?
sup mate,what you up to?
In all honesty, do you think there's a definitive best rock band?
What pop music do you like?
I have a craving for a big juicy hamburger!
What song do you like the most of Lady Gaga?
What do you think of punk?
Who are some of your favorite rock bands?
Hey! Are you ready for football to start up again?
What do you think about Rey being a feminist hero?
These new Avengers movies are getting out of hand.
Who do you think is the current Queen of Pop?
I like the old movies the best.
Did you know Tom Hanks voices Woody in the Disney movie Toy Story.
Did you see Lebron was a first team selection for the 11th time?
Which is your favorite pop band?
Did you watch that space movie?
What is your favorite type of music?
Do you like Latin music?
Is Me Before You a lover story?
There have been so many good musicians that have died in the past couple of years.
What's up man?  You ready to watch the nfl?
So, what do you think of the Transformers movies?
Have you ever seen the movie Smokin Aces?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
What was Amy Winehouse's first album?
Have you seen the new Finding Dory movie yet?
I wish they would make another movie like The Emperor's New Groove.
How does music affect your body?
Have you ever seen MirrorMask?
My brother is a good friend of one of the Denver Broncos
Have you seen Rogue One yet?
Are there any movies coming up that you're excited about?
Goofy sort of comes of as an outcast in my opinion which makes him worse than Donald.
Have you ever seen star wars?
That new Guardians of the Galaxy kind of reminded me of another film?
Do you listen to hip-hop music?
Are you excited about any of the new movies in the Marvel Universe?
Scott Ian is awesome
Who is Paula Abdul?
What is your favorite recent superhero movie?
I think Chris Evans is the best looking Avenger.
Did you like Bona Fett in Empire?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Hey, do you like basketball?
Do you listen to nelly
Are there any NFL teams you route against?
You don't listen to a lot of music, do you?
Have you watched that new movie 'The Belko Experiment'?
Hey, do you have any plans for this weekend?
Do you watch superhero movies?
Did you watch the playoff game, Spurs and Rockets?
Hey
You know what sequel, I want?
What is your least liked type of movie
Here the new Beatles channel on SiriusXM yet?
What's your favorite Beatles song?
Hi.
Hey, do you want to come watch The Hangover?
Have you seen "Snatched" with Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn?
Did you see that Peele movie 'Get Out' yet?
What is your favorite Disney and Pixar movie?
Do you feel bad for those poor unfortunate souls from the little mermaid?
It's funny how you can hear a song for years, and not understand what the words are.
Kurt Russell? As in Snake Plisskin, Wyatt Earp Kurt Russell?
so what did you do last night?
Have you ever seen the movie Wanted?
Who was your favorite rock band of the 80's?
What was your favourite Disney movie as a kid?
What did you think about Rogue One?
I fanally watched  The Last Boy Scout.
So now that you have finished the entire series, what is your final Snape opinion?
Which villain do you like more-Maleficent or Ja'Far?
Do you have a favorite Prince song?
Pop music is so bad nowadays!
Well the Finals are almost here, who ya got?
Can you give me a good Demis Roussos song to listen to?
how long do you think the new Justice League will be?
It's interesting how the Beatle's music changed after Yoko got involved with Lennon.
It is pretty amazing that Pete Carroll has been able to sustain a contender in Seattle.
Did you ever see the Harold & Kumar movies?
Football is an exciting sport.
Have you seen any good thrillers recently?
Are you a fan of the Beatles?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you seen guardians of the galaxy 2?
whats your favorite kendrick song
Did you catch the Grammys this year?
You know what movie we should watch that I haven't seen in ages?
Did you hear Primus is going on tour?
What are some movies that you would recommend for guys?
What is the best Black Sabbath song?
The Beatles formed in 1960, but what city?
Have you seen Wonder Woman?
I'm glued to this interview.
Do you remember that one song from way back, I think it was "Barbie Girl"?
What is your favorite comedy movie that is also sci fi?
Hello.
Who is your favorite new band that you've discovered?
I can't believe Kylo Ren killed Han Solo.
Norwegian Wood is my favorite Haruki Murakami novel.
Excuse me sir?
So there is a debate over the relationship between Wookies and Ewoks.
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XXII.
Have you watched the Martian?
Do you ever listen to Hank Williams, Jr.?
Do you know of any good punk bands?
What rapper is really good live?
I use to really like Smashmouth.
What do you think of The Emperor's New Groove?
What kind of music station do you put on Pandora?
My husband and I just had our anniversary and we went to a movie in the Theater for the first time in 10 years.
When did classic rock become stuff from the 80s?
Yea, I think Tom Brady will still complete until he's 100.
Do you like ja rule
I miss the old Disney movies...
Do you like listening to B-52's music.
My boyfriend and I are so different. We don't even like the same movies!
Hey how are you today?
Are you familiar with the Beatles' music?
Did you hear about the Star Wars movie?
Hey
My father went to a charity dinner earlier and was kind of bored. He was ready to leave until he saw a man's Giants hat. Then my mother had to drag him away.
The next match in on Saturday, are you going?
I'm watching all the Harry Potter movies over again.
What is your favorite country song lately?
What did you think of the last Captain America movie?
Hey
Any chance you think the Celtics go to the Finals?
Hey, are you an Ed Sheeran fan?
Did you watch the game?
You need to catch Office Christmas Party, it's hilarious.
When did you first see Star Wars?
What do you think of Dream Theater?
Hi, I heard that the new Fast & Furious movie reached 1 billion worldwide box office.
I'm dying for the new Azealia Banks record to finally come out.
Who do you think is the best band of all time?
So do you like Opera Music?
I've been listening to this new band called Pink Floyd. Have you heard of them?
Do you prefer to watch old movies or new ones?
Do you think you'll go see the new Transformers movie?
What band was your most favorite pop band?
Did you see the blood bath that was the Cleveland / Boston Game the other night?
Do you like the Harry Potter movies?
Who sings I am the Walrus?
i think no limit had the greatest run in rap history
Do you watch NFL football?
Hey cam whats your favorite song right now?
Have you heard Dolly Parton's new album?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Do you think Peter wants to be Spiderman?
Have you seen any of the movies that Rob Zombie has made?
I watched Furious 7 again last night.
Are you going to see Wonder Woman?
Man what happened to Three Six Mafia?
I know you're a Beatles fan so maybe you can help me with a question i have.
What's your opinion on the Broncos?
Have you seen The Conjuring 2?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Do you like Teddy?
What do you think of the High Kings?
Hey! Football season is coming up!
I am in here just trippin'.
Have you ever seen Bring Out the Dead?
What color is C-3P0?
Can you help me find a movie? I can't seem to find "Kill Bill".
Hi, what is it your listening to on your ipod?
Are you ready to watch the Dolphins lose again this year.
Did you ever hear of Allison Krauss and the Union Station Band?
Do you collect any sports paraphernalia?
Did you see Ghost Protocol?
Did you see the Crosby hit the other day?
Hey, Melanie and I are starting the Harry Potter series of movies. Care to join us?
My favorite pop song of all time is Hit Me Baby by Britney Spears.
If you had to have a Beatles song played at your funeral what would it be?
Why didn't Peyton Manning win more Super Bowls?
what kind of music do you listen to?
If you want to watch a great movie, watch Shoot 'em Up.
Did you get a chance to see the Pittsburgh and Ottawa game?
Who do you think was the actual pop prince?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
Hey, Amazon has Independence Day: Resurgence on dvd, really cheap.
Hey, how are you?
So who do you think is going to the Super Bowl this year?
What is your favorite genre of movies?
The Sound of Music was on the other night.  I love that movie.
I saw "Star Wars" episode I thru 111 with a friend.
Wow, you went to a kids movie alone?
What do you think of the new Spider-Man trailer?
Do you remember the first race in fast & furious?
You know, I have been watching that reality music show The Voice, but I haven't heard much about people after they leave.
Which team do you think will have a breakout season this year?
I'm going to go see that new M. Night. Shyamalan movie tonight.
Let's talk about some pop music.
There's a Beatle's Tribute band that's celebrating their tenth anniversay.
Which was your favorite Potter film.
Have you ever seen Emperor's New Groove?
As hard as I try, I just can't get into rap music.
Hey there, wanna catch the next Lakers game?
Creative process is thus magic. that's what you;re telling me.
What are some songs from your childhood?
Do you prefer the first Catwoman or the second Catwoman?
Did you ever get to watch Lego Movie.
What was your favorite Disney movie when you were growing up?
When did the Wizards become a team?
Every Halloween I watch the Disney movie, Hocus Pocus.
What kind of music do you like?
I am so surprised Madonna is still putting out albums?
When did van halen break up anyway?
So, what's your favorite movie?
What do you think about the actress Katherine Heigl?
Are you excited for the new Wonder Woman movie tomorrow?
Episode 7 was the Han movie.
What are you up to today?
Have you seen the movie Moana?
What did you think of the last Super Bowl?
Have you seen the new Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
What did you think of the Force Awakens?
What Disney movie has made you the saddest?
What did you think of the opening credits for the Star Wars franchise?
Do you remember The Fat Boys?
Did you hear Derek Carr is finalizing a new deal with a Raiders?
What movies do you like
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
So what do you think of Hip Hop right now?
My kid loves the Minions.
You a big comedy movie fan?
What do you think of Elton John?
So that's what happened in that mnovie.
Four words. Beauty and the Beast.
Did you watch the game last night?
Whats good my man
Do you think Madonna will continue her career?
Did you ever end up watching The Martian?
Did you hear that they are making a new Despicable Me movie?
I watched Saw with my brother last night.  I haven't seen it in forever.
Trey, are you listening to Tears for Fears, man?
Better comedy Monty Python and The Holy Grail, or Groundhog Day?
Do you think that the Harry Potter books or movies were better?
Dude, did you see the crazy game of Celtics and Wizards last night?
Oh my gosh, I just saw the Disney movie Moana!
Remember back when Jessica Simpson was popular?
Do you remember that old song by Franz Ferdinand?
Hey, the NFL season is coming up.
Do you know that they're remaking Mulan?
Who to you most admire Mylie Cyrus, Selena Gomez, or Taylor Swift?
Hi.
Lets talk about movies
Hey, what do you think about football?
Robin Williams is one of my all time favorite actors.
Do you like Dr. Dre?
So do you watch football?
I just watched tangled for the first time
I think that the romance in Lady and the Tramp is the best Disney love story of all time.
Did you see how the Cowboys lost last year.
Do you like Disney movies?
Who do you think is the best pop artist of all time?
What's your favorite Disney movie from the last couple of years?
Were you a big fan of The Matrix
What is your favorite comedy movie?
So do you think Draco got a fair shake in the story?
When is Disney going to release "Song of the South"?
What is your favorite movie them of all time?
Hey, have you seen Pulp Fiction?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Have you ever seen the movie Without A Paddle?
Let's talk about music
Did you ever see Memento?
Have you ever thought about taking a road trip to Texas?
Did you see Logan?
Did you ever go see Moana when it came out in theatres?
You need to go and watch "The fate of the furious"
Let's get dark about music.
Have you been listening to any rappers lately?
What's the best concert you've ever seen?
Are you going to see the new Fast & Furious film?
So who is going to win the finals?
Did you ever watch the Earnest movies?
Have you seen return of the jedi
Hey man, did you check out that Warriors vs Spurs game earlier today?
Have you seen the new Superman?
Which NFL team do you think has the best uniforms?
What is your favorite Harry Potter film?
What was the funniest song you ever heard?
Who is your favorite artist
Falcons Vs Dolphins, what are your thoughts?
You ever heard of an artist named Michael Angelo Batio?
Did you see any movies over Memorial Day weekend?
Hi.
Did you like the new Star Wars movie?
Have you seen the movie Lost in Translation?
Hi.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Do you know who I just saw on a commercial?
Yea, there are a few teams that just seem to be bordering falling off.
Who do you think Snoke is?  Someone new or someone from the past?
Do you like Justin Timberlake?
Hey have you seen Hidden Figures yet?
One of my favorite singers of rock and roll is Elvis Presley.
Man the game hits home
Who do you think is the greatest singer of all time?
I have the song Let it Go stuck in my head!
Did you enjoy Rogue One?
Have you seen any Keanu Reeves movies lately?
Are you a fan of metal music?
Who was the best rock artist of all time?
Would you say the NFL has gotten more or less fun to watch in the last ten years?
Hi there.
How's it going?
Have you seen Rogue One yet?
I wish we had something funny to watch!
Who do you think will make the NBA finals this year?
Did you know that Bob Anderson was the Darth Vader stunt double?
Do you know who started this whole "superhero" thing?
Hey mom, were we still having to go to Philadelphia this winter?
Check them out, I tell you, they are very good
Did you ever see the beatles perform live?
Today has been so boring!
when is beck releasing the new album
Hey. Do you like prison movies?
Is there any funny movie that you can see again and still laugh?
Is 50 Cent a favorite rapper of yours?
What song are you listening to?
Then it is a perfect ending for John Wick to annihilate the High Table. It's a poetic justice.
Is there a basketball club here at school?
Did you ever listen to boy bands?
Why do you think that ARTPOP is underappreciated?
I think the way their self titled looks is bland
So, was Snape a good guy or a bad guy?
All these main stream artists are jumping on the dance music movement and sampling tracks from the underground scene. Have you noticed?
Dude, football is almost back!
Have you seen Star Wars: The Force Awakens?
Did you ever see the movie Hottub Time Machine with Adam Sandler?
Would you see a movie based on Tiger Woods life?
Do you like the Fast and Furious movies?
Hey Buddy, how you doing?
What did you think of the new Jungle Book movie?
I really enjoy watching movies. I need to look up some classics.
Do they ever show Darth Vader's face?
Have you ever listened to some of Ellie Goulding's work?
looks like brady and the pat are still the best
I just saw Disney's The Good Dinosaur!
Are you going to see the New Tupac movie?
Are you a lady Gaga fan?
What's your favorite pop radio station?
Heard you finally finished watching Harry Potter & The Goblet of Fire. What did you think?
Did the Redskins ever win a Super Bowl?
Who is your favorite band of all time?
Who is your favorite Disney sidekick?
Hi.
What outfit of lady gaga's do you want to wear most.
Hi
Have you heard of the Flight of the Conchords?
What do you think of the Raiders move to Las Vegas?
Hey, did you get your new TV yet for the NFL football season.
Hey what is that song you are listening to?
wow its you! long time no see
High School Musical really launches some careers
What movie won Best Oscar last year?
So I heard a rumor the other day that I don't think is true.
Wanna know something crazy? True Lies is only available in HD, uncropped on D-VHS.
Were you a fan of the Cowboys in the 90s?
Have you ever listened to music from the Big Band era?
Do you like luke combs?
Do you do a Fantasy Football draft like this every year?
That new person at work is going to end up with a nose like Pinocchio!
Have you ever listened to Oh Wonder?
Hey
Do you like classical music?
I think the Steelers are headed nowhere fast
Did you see the latest King Kong movie?
Do you think Lil Kim was a good rapper?
My husband is a movie buff for sure.
Hi.
Hey i got a question for you
Did you see Rogue One?
Are you a fan of basketball?
I heard this song on the elevator at work today and I think you might like it
What is your favorite lady gaga song?
What house would you be?
I know a lot of Beatles songs, but I didn't grow up with them like you did. What are some interesting things about them I might not know?
Did you ever get to buy Hitmixes?
Have you heard of a new breaking artist named Justin Carder?
I just can't believe it!
Do you think the Han Solo stand alone movie will explain about how he got the Falcon?
So who do you like better, Iron Maiden or Metallica?
What do you think of Tupac Shakur's music?
Did you like the Exorcist?
Have you heard any of Katy Perry's new music?
Did you hear that they're going to make a bunch of 'Avatar' sequels?
The music in Spike Lee's films is always so good.
OH my god, have you seen the parent trap?
You know what was a good movie?
Do you ever listen to classical guitar?
I love listening to hip hop music. Do you?
do you have any beatles clothing
Who is your favorite Disney hero?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie from the franchise?
George is such an underrated guitarist.
Have you ever seen the movie Ice Princess from Disney?
I wanna watch a movie this weekend. Something funny or maybe scary.
What thriller ending surprised you most?
Since most people have, I assume you saw Deadpool from last year?
You study music right?
Hi
I have a horrible Star Wars theory.
What are some of your favorite soundtracks?
Ever seen Sin City?
Do you want to work out with me?
Have you seen The Aristocats?
Let us talk about music.
I'm so excited about the next Star Wars movie!
Alice in Wonderland is so weird.
I have been playing music since i was 4.
I just discovered The Mars Volta and my life will never be the same.
Have you heard the new Lorde Album?
I think one of my favourite Stephen King book adaptations is Pet Sematery.
Did you watch last years Superbowl?
Hey! What's your favorite Disney movie?
Do you like the superbowl?
Have you heard of Beat Takeshi?
So, here's something kind of a weird... music I like but hate the music video.
Hey, what's your favorite Disney movie?
I am interested in getting into baseball.
Did you hear that the melody of Shape of You and No Scrubs is the same?
Do you like the NFL team the Colts?
This is a random question but did you ever listen to music from the 50's and 60's? You know, groups like The Beach Boys and The Beatles?
Who is the best female artist of the 80's?
Have you watched the latest Pirates of the Caribbean movie?
Hey man, only a few more weeks until the NFL is on again.
So who's your favorite Harry Potter character?
Mark what's happening man?
I loved it when Yoda fought Count Dooku!
Do you prefer older or newer thriller films?
Do you watch superhero movies?
Can you name some of the all time favorite girl music group?
How long should a movie be? How long is too long?
Does anyone want to go see the Mummy this weekend?
Do you like jazz ?
Leigh is really amazing in the movie.
Have you seen despicable me?
Do you like Dr. Dre much?
Are you gonna watch the new Star Wars movie that comes out later this year?
This NFL offseason has been interesting.
Which of the Harry Potter movies was your favorite?
When did you first watch star wars
Hey, who do think has one the most championship titles in the NFL?
do you know afi
Have you seen Katy Perry's new hairstyle?
What is your least favorite Disney movie?
No one I know listens to country music.
Yo you stoked for the next NFL season!
What kind of genres do you like?
Hey dude
I need help finding a good DIsney movie
do you watch the NFL?
We watched a pretty good thriller the other day.
Who is the greatest rock and roll band of all time?
You know, YouTube is one of the greatest ideas ever.
I was really looking forward to watching Ghost in the Shell but the reviews have me questioning if I should watch it in theaters or wait for the home releases.
Did you hear who died over Christmas?
So who did you feel had the best fashion sense at the 2017 Met Gala ?
Have you seen Wonder Woman?
When was the last time you watched Star Wars.
What do you think is the best teen vampire movie?
Bases have been weird this season.
Will you be following the NFL football games this year?
Which pop music band is your favorite?
Pittsburgh is my squad, dude...
How many languages did C3-PO speak.
Big fan of horror movies?
Do you like the Boston Red Sox?
Do you like rap music?
What do you think about SKillet?
Have you been listening to any rap music lately?
Willy Wonka and The Chocolate Factory was a much better in the old version if you ask me.
As anyone see The Legend of  Tarzan? What an amazing movie!
Do you remember back when music was good?
Hey, are you a Star Wars fan?
Are you a Mel Brooks fan?
Hey
Have you heard the new album from Tech N9ne?
Hey.
The Buffalo Bills.
I just watched my first Patrick Swazye film.
did you like pirates of the carribbean?
Do you like Fleetwood mac?
I was reading about Lady Gaga and she had a band named," Stefani Germanotta Band with some friends from NYU.
The Seahawks confuse me in general. Last year you guys beat the Patriots in an amazing game, but then you also had that 6-6 game against the Cardinals and then a 9-3 game against the Rams
Hmmm, this band started up recently, around the mid 2000s.
Have you seen The Force Awakens yet?
Do you think analytics is ruining the game?
Have you seen any new horror movies in theaters lately?
What did you think of the new digital remastered versions of Star Wars?
Where would you put the Phillies in terms of how many years away they are?
Are you familiar with The Texas Chainsaw Massacre?
Have you been following the offseason news?
How do you think the New York Giants will do this year?
We have the NFL ticket for this year.
Who is your favorite rock artist
What's your favorite type of movie?
Do you like classical music?
Do you listen to Joy Division?
What'cha listening to?
Did you see Taylor Swift's dress at the Grammy's?
Why do you think they never tried to properly train Leia to be a Jedi if it was so imperative to have one?
Is Finding Nemo a Disney movie?
So what did you feel about the force awakens?
Hey How was your weekend?
So what do you think about rap music today?
Did you watch the Super Bowl this year?
My mom is a huge Elvis Presley fan. Do you like Elvis?
I went out last night
Did you see Lady Gaga on The Super Bowl?
You ready for another football season?
Rock music is stupid.
Haven't you watched Finding Dory yet?
Have you ever been to any NFL games?
Have you seen any thriller movies lately?
Did you parents listen to music a lot?
I love watching women's beautiful dresses on any red carpet.
Whats your favorite Disney movie?
Did you see The Force Awakens?
I can't wait for the summer movie season to begin.
What's you favorite genre of movie?
Just saw Tokyo Drift, it sucked without Vin Diesel.
Let's talk about movies
Hi.
So something i've always wondering.
I think that kid's movies these days have some cute songs on them.
You know, I tried to watch that movie From Dusk Til Dawn. And there were no vampires at all and i just turned it off after a while.
Lets talk about garth brooks
What is a good Beatles song?
Have you ever seen The Matrix?
I like how gaga changes her look almost every album
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XXVI.
Do you like music?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Are you excited for the NFL season to start back?
Have you seen the original Evil Dead?
Do you like Rush Hour?
Did you know that there was a different original drummer for the Beatles?
You know Weird Al's parody of Lady Gaga's Born This Way?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Have you ever heard Clean Bandits music?
Do you think the NFL is losing popularity?
Do you think the steroid guys should get in the Hall of Fame?
You know what car I really want?
Hey what movies have you seen recently?
Have you seen the new anime movie Your Name yet?
Hi
What is your favorite music genre?
Manoa.
No one cares about the Rams. Every team they've played has been mediocre.com
I just saw The Lion King recently with my grandkids.
Do you think the Cowboys can win the Super Bowl this year?
Stop press! What's that honking sound?
What type of movie do you want to see tonight?
Are you looking forward to the Hans Solo movie?
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Hey have you seen the the fate and furious?
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Do you like Sam hunt?
Did you know that Tears for Fears is going back out on tour?
Do you like the Manning from the Colts, or Broncos better?
I took my daughter to the mall last night.
What's your favorite album from Avril Lavigne?
Are you into the Star Wars movies?
Are you a fan of the the Gaga?
Have you seen Vera Wang's new dresses for spring?
I'm trying to remember who were the big music stars back in 1997?
What type of movie interests you?
What are your thoughts on Vitamin String Quartet?
I just saw the scariest movie I've ever seen!
I won tickets yesterday for a concert !!!
Patriots are team to beat until someone actually does beat them.
There's been so much great music lately. What's your favorite summer hit?
Have you watched any of those horror movies I lent you yet?
You going to the Yankees game?
Hi.
If you have not seen Cabin in the Woods yet, stop and go watch it.
What did you think of the Red Sox off-season moves?
Who's your favorite Star Wars character?
How do you think the Panthers will do this year?
Have you ever heard of the band Third Eye Blind?
Have you seen the wonderwoman movie?
do you think emo music even counts as rock music?
What type of music do you like?
what's your favorite rapper of all time?
What are you doing tonight?
What is up with the DJ?
Steelers are gonna win it all this year!
Have you seen any good movies for the kids lately?
Have you listened to Ru Paul's new album?
Have you seen any good documentary films lately?
Watched anything good lately?
I've been getting back into a lot of the rock from the 90s lately.
What do you think of the new Drake album?
Hey, I hear Dave Mathews will be coming to town this year.
Do you like Bruce Springstien?
Do you like baseball?
I just saw this great horror movie called Lights Out.
How great of a character was Yoda
Lady Gaga has one of the most underrated voices in pop music.
What happened to Romo anyway?
I cannot wait for the Atlanta Falcons new season.
Have you been keeping up with Turkey politics?
Hi.
I heard that the new Tom Cruise Mummy movie didn't do so hot its opening weekend.
What side of the force do you like better, dark or light?
have you seen the national tv schedule for this coming nfl season?
Janice, what are you doing today?
What would you say is the most complex music?
You may not have known this, but Luke Skywalker originally had a different name.
Are there any movies that you'll always watch if they're on?
I hate it when people denigrate any one particular genre of music, like it's worthless or something.
Do you like rock music?
What kind of music do you like?
What do you think of Lady Gaga now? It seems like she's losing her edge.
Do you ever listen to pop music?
I'm going to start jogging this week.
What did you think the Phantom Menace movie?
Did you watch The Mighty Ducks as a kid?
So what do you think of Roger Goodell?
Have you heard of Cardi B?
Have you heard of the band SHinedown?
This year's theme for the 2017 Met Gala was Japanese fashion designer Rei Kawakubo's vision of Comme des Garçons.
Have you seen Dark Places?
Have you seen the new 2017 Baywatch movie?
I can't believe the Star Wars movies didn't follow a sequence but went backwards in time.
Who is your favorite rock singer of all time?
Have you seen Mulan?
Jacob, what's going today with the watch party?
What did you think of Gone Baby Gone?
Hi
What were the best touchdown dances you have ever seen in NFL history?
Do you know Bryan Adams?
What is your favorite Rocky movie?
Who is your favorite NFL team.
Do you know Sting?
What is the most recent movie you saw?
Are you excited for The Mummy reboot?
Have you seen the most recent Fast and Furious movie?
What's your favorite music genre?
Do you know Peyton Manning?
Aretha Franklin was supposed to sing at a concert this weekemd, and she had to cancel.
It's hard to beleive that Star Wars is a Disney franchise now.
Name your favorite horror movie?
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Did you see Gladiator?
I just saw highlights from Superbowl XII.
Do you think Teddy Bridgewater will be back for the Vikings this year?
What was your favorite Disney cartoon growing up?
Have you heard the new Drake album?
Did you see the Nationals game?
Name the top five Pop Divas of all time.
Have you seen Terminator 2?
Hey are you a fan of the Beatles?
There have been a lot of deaths of famous musicians lately.
How big is sports betting for the Super Bowl (and is there a way to put this in context)?
Did you ever watch the Saw movies?
Have you seen any good documentaries lately?
How did you get into watching the Fast and Furious movies?
HAVE YOU SEEN THE MOVE BAY WATCH?
Have you seen Reservoir Dogs?
Have you seen the new Star Wars movie The Force Awakens?
Did you ever see L.A. Confidential?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast Movie?
The Dolphins training camp start July 27th?
Hello how are you?
Have you seen that Bruce Willis movie, the thriller?
Are you as excited as me for the upcoming NFL season?
Hey
My kids have had the flu for so long.
The pop music industry is saying that Ed Sheeran's popularity is damaging to the music business.
Did you ever see that movie Ratatouille?
Did you know the best Johnny Depp movie is a Disney movie?
Hey, what do you think about football?
What do you think of Jack White music?
Hey
Lets talk about movies
Have you heard of Queens Of The Stone Age?
What is your favorite genre of music?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Lady Gaga is so unique.
Do you know any cool electronica bands?
What is your favorite kind of music?
What did you think about that new M. Night Shymalan movie?
I just re-watched an animated film I liked a lot as a kid.
Do you have any good music recommendations?
I am listening to Miley Cyrus right now.
What's your favorite 'Lord of the Rings' movie?
Do you know if Mylène Farmer is releasing anything new soon?
remember forrest gump
Does Princess Elena of Avalor have her own movie?
What is your favorite piece of tech from Star Wars?
Lets talk about the beatles
Hey have you watched Dumbo lately?
One of my friends went to a Billy Joel concert last weekend in Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Have you been to the movie theater lately?
What kind of music are you into?
Did you ever watch the movie Cars?
Do you stream any music?
I can't wait for Justice League!
Favorite John Wayne movie?
Do you like Thriller movies?
Have you ever heard of K-Pop?
Is Blow Out a good movie?
Hey, are you a big Disney fan?
Do you think Poe or Finn are force-sensitive?
The Bee Gees were a good band.
Do you think Bruce Springsteen will put out a new album?
Did you ever watch Mulan?
Have you heard of Run The Jewels?
I just saw something spectacular in the theater
i miss the old nfl
Any good thrillers come out recently?
Who do you think will be the best NFL running back this year?
Hey, do you like Tom Petty?
Hi.
I saw the Disney Cinderella movie last night.
Mike Trout is having another amazing year for the Angels.
What team do you see winning the NFC North division?
You know what I adore? The music of Vivaldi.
Have you ever heard of Jonah and the Lion?
What's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
Cuba Gooding Jr. was great in the movie Snow Dogs.
Name me someone who became famous because of Star Wars.
What's your favorite song from Sgt. Pepper?
Did you get to listen to Selena's album Revival yet?
I am excited about the new NFL season how about you?
What Disney movie would you say is the saddest?
Have you seen that movie with will farrel
Have you ever seen Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?
Have you heard of the Annabelle horror franchise?
What have you been listening to lately?
Did you see the last pirates of the Caribbean?
I think they made too many Rocky movies
Seen any good movies recently?
Have you seen mission impossible
So you think Haggrid and Madame Maxime got together after everything was settled?
This is interesting
Do you like Tony Bennet's music?
I love the Fall especially when football starts.
What do you think of 'Brave'?
Have you ever seen the old live action Disney movies?
What's good, man? How are the Chiefs looking this year?
Do you like hair bands?
Hi
Have you heard Lecrae's new single "I'll find you"?
Man i miss that one artist
Have you seen frozen
Can't wait for the upcoming NFL season.
What are you watching?
Have you ever bet on the NFL?
Man my fingers hurt
So do you listen to music often?
whos is the best male rapper of all time?
Hey man what is good
You know cracks me up about cartoon commercials these days?
I need some new albums, I've played out all my current music. I'm bored.
Did you ever see the new Ghostbusters movie?
Who do you feel made the biggest impact on music?
Seen any good movies recently?
Who is your team?
Hey, what did you think about Antman?
The new Harry Potter film is amazing!
Do you have a favorite band?
Do you like star wars
Have you been watching the basketball playoffs at all?
Have you seen Bridesmaids?
Did you know basketball was invented entirely in the US?
What's the best band you've ever seen live?
Hi.
Ready to turn up
Did you hear that Toles is out for the Dodgers.
What is your favorite type of music you listen to?
Do you like football?
Where is the Super Bowl going to be this season?
So what is your favorite weapon in star wars
So what, for you, is the best decade for rock music?
Do you think Rod Stewart is good?
Do you like historical movies?
You seem to only like scary movies, do you have a favorite comedy?
Did you see Finding Dory?
Hey, who is this you are listening to?
Which rapper has the most creative lyrics?
You know, people mock Lucas for turning Star Wars into a cash cow, but the truth is I loved playing with the characters when I was little.
Random question, greatest rock guitarist in history?
Have you been to the movies lately>
I saw Bon Jovi in concert five times.
What do you think of video game music?
How did you like beauty and the beast?
What do you think about Rap music?
Besides The "I am your father" thing, was ther3e anything else you thought was a surprise in any of the movies?
Did you see the game between the Yankees and Red Sox?
Hi, how are you today?
Are you ready to watch the Cincinattie Bengals this year.
Hey man, do you watch the NFL?
Hey there.
Do you like country music?
Their debut album please please me was released by Parlophone which was founded in Germany, actually
Do you have a favorite song from any of the Star Wars movies?
Have you seen the movie Mean Girls?
Afternoon.
Hey what are you up to tomorrow nigyt?
What do you think makes a good rap song?
Did you see the new Linklater movie?
Do you like the latest Harry Potter movie
What is your favorite movie with Burt Reynolds?
Hey, have you heard any good music on the radio lately?
I've been wanting to see Donnie Darko.
Are you a Beatles fan?
Did you cry in the bedroom scene after Lilly was killed??
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
Hi, what do you think about the song called Yellow?
Who won the game last night?
Have you seen that movie with Beyonce in it?
Hello! Are you where you can chat for a little bit?
Do you like The Fast and the Furious part 2?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Hey, who do you think will make the NFL Superbowl 2018?
So did you hear about Taylor Swift?
How is this season gonna play out?
I went to the mall and checked out some sales at the music store.
Hi, have you seen the movie Training Day.
What was with the whole Frozen thing?
Oh man, did you see "The Witch"? I loved it.
Some say the best Star Wars movie is The Empire Strikes Back - your thoughts?
What is the best fantasy film ever made?
What would you say is your favorite movie?
Have you heard any of Shawn Mendes' songs lately?
do you think the cardinals will do something this season?
What is you favorite animated Film?
Is it true that Derek Jeter and Jeb Bush are buying the Miami Marlins?
I love that surf music like Jack Johnson.
Why do you think the students started wearing more Muggle-like clothing in the Prisoner of Azkaban?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
I'm listening to the new Mariah Carey album.
Okay. What about.....
Hey bud! I didn't expect to see you here tonight!
What do you think of Disney movies?
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
What's your favorite Ed Sheeran song?
Have you listened to (Gaga's new-ish album) Joanne yet?
How much do you know about the first Super Bowl?
So do you think Tom Brady is gonna be able to win another Super Bowl?
Hi there, Baby. You listening to music?
Hi
I think some movies are annoying
do you like luke or anakin
You know, I've never seen Weekend at Bernie's.
So what do you think of the QB the Bears drafted?
Hey
I loved No Doubt when I was a kid.
I really like Eminem, what do you think of him?
Do you like British films?
What do you think the next Fast & Furious movie will be about?
So, my boyfriend and I are in the middle of a huge movie debate.
So what movies do you plan to see this Summer.
Do you think there will ever be another Harry Potter movie?
Hey Uncle Lenny I am free today did you want to hang?
Who is the best guitar player ever?
Do you remember the scene in the Sorcerer's Stone when Harry puts on the sorting hat?
Who do you think was the nicest of the Beatles?
What is your favorite type of music you listen to?
Have you seen all of the Star Wars movies?
Who names a band "Rainbow Kitten Suprise?" What a strange name!
Did you watch the Celtics and Wizards game?
What did you think of Frozen?
Have you heard Despacito?
I never realized how much music meant to me until I got older, how about you?
Are you a big fan of comedy films?
Have you been watching the NBA Playoffs?
Have you seen the new live action Beauty and The Beast?
What did you think of the new Dead Pool movie?
I went to see Wonder Woman last night.
So, what are some other "feel good" music titles you like?
Guess what I went and saw last night?
Have you seen Dr. Strange yet?
Yea, I would never count out Brady.
Have you ever seen the original Star Wars movies?
Be our guest, be our guest, put our service to the test...
Have you heard of Trash The Brand?
Have you seen the new Cars movie?
who is your favorite star wars character?
I like that movie with the blonde
Hi.
Do you like movies
Do you like sport?
I just heard that george lucas's inspiration for darth vader came to him out of nowhere.
What did you think of Supreme Leader Snoke?
Do you like Kenny Rogers?
I am so meh on so many things right now
I need to get some new movies for the kids. I am so sick of watching the same Minions movie over and over.
Bronx Tale is a great movie. Have you ever seen that?
Hey, have you heard Gucci Mane's new mix tape?
Did you like 8 mile?
Do you like the old Superman movie, or the first Spiderman movie from 2002 better?
Lady Gaga seems to have declined in recent years with her hits.
What kind of music do you listen to to relax and destress?
So are you following the NBA playoffs this year?
What's your dream house like?
Did you enjoy Basic Instinct or Basic Instinct 2?
Have you heard the new Eminem song?
Hello
So, what movies are you looking forward to coming out?
Hello.
Did you hear about the little short feature film based on the Disney movie Frozen that's coming out in November?
What is your favorite acoustic version of a pop song?
Do you listen to Justin Timberlake a lot?
Did you see Lego Batman?
who was your favorite character in the harry potter films?
What do you think of Sign of the Times?
Hey, what was the movie where the guy went on a rampage after his dog got killed?
Did you see that game between the Chicago Bears and the Houston Texans?
I heard 'Hakuna Matata' the other day and was reminded of how much I loved 'The Lion King.'
fav pac song?
How did you like how they reintroduced old characters in The Force Awakens?
Who do you think will go far this year and make it to the Super Bowl.
I need to watch steamboat willie
What is your favorite Disney Movie?
Do you have any good stories?
For someone who likes Disney what would you recommend
Have you heard of CALL ME MAYBE by Carly?
You know in Snow White, does she just break into a random house.
Hi.
Hey, do you want to an NFL game this year.
You know what I saw the other day?
Do you want to watch The Little Mermaid with me later tonight?
Let's talk about music.
Hey Karen do you like comedies. If so what kind?
how did you like harry potter?
Have you heard the song big green tractor
What is your favorite old Thriller movie?
Hey, wanna watch the Fall with me?
Did you ever see Pan's Labrynth?
Let's discuss Sir Ridley Scott!
Hey, do you want to watch Pirates of the Caribbean with me?
Have you seen the new Transformers movie? It's called the last knight.
Do you like punk rock?
Hey what movies have you seen recently?
What songs do you like of Madonna's work?
Do you remember Vanilla Ice?
I heard Miley Cyrus is going to be on The Voice this fall- I think she's a great coach.
Have you ever heard of Metallica?
Have you seen the newest start wars movie?
Isn't Ghostbusters awesome?
The Rockets are going to win the Finals this year.
Are you gonna see the Iron Maiden concert tomorrow?
Did you know that the Beatles had a different name?
Who do you think is going to win the superbowl this year?
Are you going to see Wonder Woman?
hey; you're a Jets fan, aren't you?
Who is your favorite character in Star Wars?
What is the best beatles song
Hey man, how's it going?
I wish No Doubt was still together.
so what did you think about the live action remake of the beauty and the beast?
So what's your favourite style or artist when it comes to rap music?
Do you want to come over tonight? We could watch a dvd and order a pizza.
Did you see the new Alien movie?
Do you have any bands that you secretly love but are afraid to admit?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
I went to a BSO concert last night.
Have you heard Kendrick Lamar's new album?
Have you ever seen any of Hirokazu Koreeda's movies?
Do you like rock
I really like video game music
Have you seen the Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 2?
Do you watch NFL football?
Hey! The NFL season starts in September!
Hi, do you watch NHL games?
Wasn't it great to see Carrie Fischer and Harrison Ford in the Star Wars film, "The Force Awakens?"
Hi there! How's it going?
Paul McCarthy wrote and performed "Coming Up" with his wife Linda. You remember that?
Do you like Nine Inch Nails?
So who do you think are going to the finals?
How do you like Taylor Swift?
What do you think of Chewie as a character in Star Wars.
Do you like Banks?
Hi.
Do you remember Mrs. Doubtfire?
I just saw Harry Potter and Goblet of Fire.
Are you a fan of the Grateful Dead?
The Buffalo game is on.
Did you like Daredevil?
Do you  like lady antebellum?
Oh my god, have you watched Moana with your kids?
What kind of music do you like?
What did you think of the Wizard of Oz?
Do you like that fast and the furious movies?
Wanna play a game?
Have you heard POUND THE ALARM?
I have a new puppy!
yo, whats up? do you get the vibe?
Hey have you caught any good basketball games lately?
Will  you be seeing Wonderwoman?
Who is your favorite character in star wars?
I was watching HP series. Do you really think Snape is good guy or bad guy?
Do you like Beatles trivia?
What's your favorite female artist?
Howabout that Lebron!
Lil Wayne is the best artist out of New Orleans right?
You know what I think is needed?
Do you like electronic music at all?
What kind of movies do you like?
Who's your favorite director of thriller movies?
Which is your favorite Fast & Furious movie?
so any new comedy movies?
Have you seen any good movies recently?
Have you been listening to rap music lately?
I think the most important aspect of modern music is the beat.
Have you seen star wars
I've been on a big noir kick lately.
Do you like Kubrick movies?
Okay, what's your favorite genre of music?
Yo, we gonna have the same NFL deal this year?
Have you seen the NBC musicals that they're reviving?
What is your favorite action movie?
What is the craziest play you have ever heard of in NFL history?
So who is your favorite Harry Potter movie character? Besides Snape.
Hey you like pop music
Do you want to go to the Pens game tomorrow?
Do you ever go to the record store?
What are your thoughts on Katy Perry?
I'm going to watch a rugby game on Friday. Would you like to come?
Do you remember  "Last Action Hero?"
Let's talk about pop music we like, would you like to go first?
I just finished Prisoner of Azkaban, have you read it?
Did you watch the Minnesota Wild yesterday?
I am so excited! I just got a new shipment of vinyl records in.
Do you like 80s music?
What are your thoughts on the San Francisco 49ers?
Do you like classic movies?
Do you think the new Star Wars hold up to the older ones.
So I heard some news you're just going to love.
Have you seen The Shack?
You bet i am I love spending my Sunday's watching football.
Let's talk about music
My favorite team is the Panthers. What's yours?
Who is your favorite big band?
Do you like movies about travel?
I want to do watch a couple of movies from the same actor, which actor would you recommend?
Do you like Fast and Furious movies?
Did you know the Minions movie is coming out soon?
Hi there.
What is your top genre when trying to relax?
Which two teams do you want to make it to the SuperBowl this year?
Do you like the original Thor?
I just read that paul mccartney didn't know he was on a rihanna song.
I just rewatched the Chamber of Secrets, and I have some issues with it.
Did you know that Disney is going to put out a live-action version of Mulan?
Do you remember back when Nsync was really popular?
Vince Staples's new album was released today, have you heard it?
Who do you think wins the Finals?
I think the Disney Channel helped to produce some really good pop music.
Did you see that they're finally making a live action version of Lion King?
I can't wait to see Justice League now that i have seen Wonder Woman.
Who is your favorite pop act
I'm wondering, did Mace Windu really defeat Palpatine in Revenge of the Sith?
Have you ever seen the movie Mean Girls?
hey whats up?
Do you think this needs more bass?
Hey have you heard the new Rancid album?
I have just seen the most romantic movie today!
What do you think country music?
Lets talk about star wars
The way we listen to music these days has changed so much.
Have you seen the new Guardians movie
Did players in the NFL originally wear leather helmets?
When was the last time you watched a classic Disney movie?
Aren't you excited about the upcoming Star Wars movie, The Last Jedi?
Have you seen the movie Finding Dory?
So have you seen any movies you can suggest?
Do you like the Star Wars movies?
Have you heard Rihanna's new song? It just came out.
Hey mom, can we see a movie today?
I'm not sure whether I like Jennifer Lawrence movies or not.
Do you own a lot of NFL apparel?
what movie has a strong female lead that you enjoyed?
Are you going to see the new Star Wars when it comes out?
Hey
Do you like Lebron James?
Aladdin was my favorite movie as a kid
So what do you think about young thug
What is your favorite Pop Song of 2016?
So i got to figure something out
So, what type of music do you prefer?
Have you seen the latest Star Wars movie, Rogue One.
What is your favorite Superhero movie?
Have you seen the movie 9 to 5?
Did you see the film The Sixth Sense?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Do you like the rock group, Yes?
Why does everyone think Jaws is so great?
Do you have a favorite Beatles song?
Have you listened to any of George Strait's music?
Whats the last superhero movie you saw?
What is a funny movie we can watch?
Ghibli movies always have the best soundtracks.
Did you see the playoff last night between the Wizards and the Celtics?
Have you seen Thor?
Adam Sandler is my favorite comedian. I loved him in Just Go With It.
The new Descendants movie is coming out soon.
Man this is crazy heavy
My all time favorite flick has got to be Die Hard.
Did you watch the NASCAR race this weekend?
I gotta catch up
I saw Disney's The BFG, did you?
What kinds of movies have you been in to lately?
Did you ever see The Doors?
Disney did a version of Peter Pan too, right?
Who is the most annoying person in Star Wars?
Have you seen the movie 'Porky's'?
Did you hear they are making a new Incredibles movie?
How do you feel about 90s techno music into the 2000s?
Did you ever see Face Off?
I'm bored
Who did The Beatles see as their contemporaries that they were competing with?
Can you recommend a good comedy movie?
Do you think that head trauma is a serious issue in NFL football?
Do you like jake owen?
Hi.
Did you go to the game last night?
The song "A Girl Worth Fighting For" is totally ruined by the ending, I think.
Hey! Did you see Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 yet?
Do you want to go to the football game tonight?
The departed, have you seen it?
Hey, do you like K-pop?
I went to see Maroon 5 in concert last night.
Have you seen the Wizard of Oz.
Is it just me, or has it been a while since Taylor Swift released a new song?
Was just listening to one of my favorite Rock bands.
So, I watched the Force Awakens, I am lost.
I dont like current rap music
What happened to people making music videos?
Did Tom Brady win the Heisman trophy last year?
How much do you put into a pitchers record?
What is a really good vampire movie?
Who is your favorite charater in Star Wars?
This is a great baseball game.
So what have you been listening to lately?
I like the falcons
What do you think about the NFL this year?
Where did Lady Gaga graduate from High School?
Have you seen the movie "Bridesmaids?"
What do you think is a great horror film?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
Do you like Rihanna's music, have you heard any of her latest music?
Who are your top 5 favorite rappers of all time?
Did you know there are glam metal bands in Asia?
Did you see Leonardo DiCaprio's newest movie?
I love the Spice Girls Movie.
Do you like alternative rock?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Well, it's getting close to pro football season.
who is your favorite lyricist of all time?
Have you gotten into the Lumineers?
Do you like alicia keyes?
Have you noticed a difference in the movies from the 90's compared to the films today?
What is the best scene in The Godfather?
Do you remember the Steelers "Steel Curtain" defense?
Seen any good Horror movies lately?
What's your favorite movie?
rey is my new favorite character
I just watched Zombie Land for the first time.
Did you see the scuffle between Joey Bats and the Braves?
Hi.
Techno music is awful.
The new Lorde album is a masterpiece.
They are still a solid team, but that proved to be a big loss last year.
I'm planning a pool party and trying to come up with some good music for it.
Who is your favorite director of all time?
Do you like to listen to Rock music?
Have you seen Silence of the Lambs?
Which rap artist would you like to see collaborate with Bruno Mars?
have you heard about this singer Angelina Jordan?
How did you like the last Superbowl?
What kind of music do you like to listen to on a rainy day?
Hey how do you like the newest Lady Gaga's album?
Did you feed the chickens yet?
Circus is my favorite Britney Spears album.
Let's keep it going with covers
So tell me what kind of movies you like.
I love football and can't wait for the season to start.
I need to see the Notebook again.
Hey tell me about some of your favorite movies?
If I were to ask you, what is one of the greatest movies of all time, what would you say?
Hi
Have you ever watched to movie Passengers?
Do you prefer the original trilogy or the prequels?
Have you seen the last of the “Hunger Games” movies?
I think Alfred HItchcock was the greatest creator of thriller movies ever.  Were you a fan of HItchcock?
Did you see Creed?
Do you like Rick Springfield?
Hey
I always forget how much I love old Lady GAGA songs!
Did you hear that they're making a new Bond movie.
Which Beatles album is your favorite?
Hey, isn't the preseason coming up?
So what are we watching tonight?
Did you watch the Cubs-Cardinals series this weekend?
Hey dude.
Do you know of Pink Floyd?
What is your favorite disney movie?
What is on your ipod playlist ?
New Orleans Saints.
lady gaga music is so mellow
Did The Beatles break up?
Have you seen Blade III?
Hey guess what!?
Do you like horror movies?
So what did you think of the new Beauty and The Beast movie?
The Seahawks still have Russell Wilson though, and a great defense.
OK, almost party time, let's pick out some music to play!
I just saw the toy story movie. Did you see it
The first ever song I composed was called "Goin' Back to Phoenix" in the 80's.
Have you heard the new Drake album?
You like Peter Jackson movies?
Did you ever watch the movie Criminal?
What is your favorite Star Wars Movie?
I saw Flight Plan last night.
I really like Harmar Superstar's sound.
So do you like rihanna?
Who do you think is going to win the NFC this year?
What's your favorite thriller movie?
Have you discovered any new music lately?
Tell me, what was Deflategate all about?
I was listening to one of my favorite songs on the way over.
What's your favorite Adam Sandler movie?
Have you ever seen One Flew Over The Cuckoos Nest?
I just Saw the new Star Wars movie Rogue One.
Do you feel like any rappers are overrated at all?
What's your favorite position in the NFL?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you think lincoln park is a rock band
What was that Star Wars movie called with the Ewoks in it? It was an off-shoot of the Empires Strike Back I think.
Which Lady Gaga video was your favorite?
Have you heard of CALL ME MAYBE?
Have you seen the Adams Family movie ?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast?
What's your favorite time period for music?
I have a bunch of old Ska cassettes if you know anybody who'd be interested in buying them.
What do you think of when you think of Rock music?
I just saw Dumbo last night.
Did you see Psycho?
How would you feel about starting a side project?
How do you feel about foreign films?
I used to really like country music. But lately it just doesn't feel the same.
The last thriller that I saw was Gone Girl.
Have you seen the new dirty dancing remake?
What's your favorite band, of all time?
You ever seen the movie Terminator 2?
Do you think Boba Fett died too easily in 'Return of the Jedi?'
You know The Beatles are one of my favorite bands, right?
Did you take the kids to see the new Beauty and the Beast?
Hey, can you help me out here?
Do you like the Beatles?
What did you think of Rogue One?
What is your favorite Disney flick?
Have you ever heard of The Drunk Poets?
Do you watch any foreign films?
What's your favorite star wars ship?
Do you like Kate Hudson?
I want to go jogging today.
Have you seen Life?
do you think jason statham was a good decision to include in fast and furious series?
What day is practice
I watched this movie called The Last Face last night.
You know who I think is one of the most overlooked bands of the past?
Did you see Mulan?
Do you have a particular favorite rock band?
do you like nirvana
Have you seen anything lately that you recommend watching?
Hey
Did you see the Pirates of the Caribbean The Black Pearl?
Have you seen this new Instagram store that sells fashionable clothes for cheap?
Do you remember Keith Murray?
What's your favorite rock band of all time?
Did you ever see Jaco Pastorius when he was with Weather Report?
I just saw Thirst.
My sister just got a copy of the Aristocats.
Did the Raiders ever win a second Super Bowl?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie? You should, with the kids.
Who do you think will be the favorite to win the Super Bowl this year?
Did you get to watch the live action version of Beauty and the Beast?
Hi. Did you hear Jay Z is releasing another album?
Who is your favorite evil guy in Star Wars?
Did you like more of the Beatles earlier recordings, or did you prefer the later music?
Did you ever see The Usual Suspects.
Who do you want to win the Superbowl this year?
What is your favorite rap song?
Have you seen THE TERMINATOR?
Man i am so bummed
You'll never guess what movie I just saw?
Hi
I'M THINKING OF GOING TO SEE "TRANSFORMERS: THE LAST KNIGHT". DO YOU WANT TO COME?
So what do you think about Colin Kaepernick?
Did you see the live-action version of Beauty and the Beast?
What are your thoughts about the Cardinals?
The Beatles has always been my favorite group.
Hey, have you heard about the supposed rivalry between Kendrick Lamar and Big Sean ?
I like the movie based on cars
So you know, Greedo shot first.
Are you a Beatles fan?
Pinocchio was kind of a scary movie
I've been listening to Led Zeppelin all week, such great stuff!
Did you hear that The Lumineers finally came out with a new album?
I was reading an article online the other day about the new Disney movie Star Wars Episode 8 that's coming out at the end of this year.
Have you seen lego batman
Did you watch 'The Visit' yet like I told you to?
yes. But, BUT! there is one caveat.
Did you ever see Brave?
What's your favorite trend from the 90s?
What do you think about the Beatles?
I think that Mulan had some of the best music I've ever heard in a movie.
Which droid from Star Wars is your favorite?
Have you heard the new remastered Sgt. Pepper's album?
I saw Mulan the other night.
Have you ever heard of Little Mix?
Can't wait for this season!
I can't wait until the newest Little Mermaid comes out.
Hey, are you as excited for the NFL season as I am?
Do you like the Harry Potter movies?
Hey do you think anyone is going to challenge the PAtriots for the AFC crown?
How did you like the 'Logan" thriller movie?
Hey what's your opinion on J Crew's new spring catalog?
Did you see the new Cars 3 movie?
Is Michael Jackson music good?
I just rewatched the movie Spy with Melissa McCarthy, have you seen it?
What was that teen movie that came out earlier?
Did you see Pirates of the Carribean?
Do you like Fall Out Boy?
Why do you like rock?
I just watched The Shining made in 1980. Have you seen it before?
Seen any Disney movies recently?
What is your favorite instrument?
Why is the Enya Paint the Sky With Stars album up on your phone?
Do you like to listen to rock music?
In my personal opinion, fashion is not a bad thing.
What was that Disney animated movie that starred Mandy Moore?
who is your favorite music artist
Have you heard that "The Fith Element" movie will be on theaters again?
Did you listen to Frank SInatra growing up?
Man you what is the best type of rap
What is your favorite movie of all time?
The NFL season is almost here, are you going to any games?
Do you think Vertigo was a good film?
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Did you hear they're going to some how keep Princess Leia in the next Star Wars film?
Earlier today I was thinking about how so many TV shows have had great theme songs.
I have loved Disney movies all my life.  I think my favorite is Tangled.
have you seen the packers' schedule for this season?
Did you see the Cars 3 trailer? The graphics changed a lot.
Who is going to be the breakout star this year in the NFL
What is your favorite style of music?
Have you seen suicide squad?
Hey what was your favorite parts about New Hope?
They are doing another werewolf movie.
What is your favorite country artist?
So what did you think about Frozen?
Hi
Hi.
Who is your favorite character in the Star Wars movies?
Do you think the idea of the "rock star" is still relevant?
Who's your favorite live performer ever.
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Are you a big fan of Elton John?
Have you seen the last Kevin Hart stand up comedy movie?
I will check out that album.
Do you like the Fast and Furious movies?
Do you remember that movie "The Usual Suspects" from 1995?
Have you seen 500 Days of Summer?
Hi
Have you seen the Saw movies?
Whats your favorite kids movie?
What is your favorite type of music?
So, check it, I watched this documentary the other day on Quiet Riot.
So it seems that boy bands are making a comeback.
So I saw Cars 3 today?
I was watching Cars the other night, my favorite is still Sally.
Did you know that the Beatles recorded "All You Need Is Love" 50 years ago today?
So I heard your sister finally introduced you to the Star Wars movies.
What's your favorite comedy?
Can you help me study for music?
Have you gone to see the new movie Guardians of the Galaxy?
Are you into Thriller movies at all?
who do you wish you could see in concert?
Who's your favorite NFL team?
Hey what's up?
Do you like rap?
Man this new thriller movie blows
i want to build a Star Wars model.
What do you want to talk about?
Have you seen the movie the dark knight?
Makes you wonder why marching bands were so popular.
What do you think of Lana Del Rey?
Did you see The Rookie?
Have you ever heard of Bo Burnham?
OK, so who would you list as the greatest NFL quarterbacks of all time.
Do you have any horror movies you think are too scary to watch?
Which Disney princess would you want to be friends with.
What do you think of this year's Miami Dolphins roster?
Did you see doctor strange yet?
Did you ever hear Sgt. Pepper's Band?
I wonder how experimental She will be on her new album
I miss the big personalities in NFL football.
There are seven new books on my kindle, no idea how they got there.
I feel like Elton John is the top pop performer of the 70s.
Have you heard on the artist Lady Gaga?
Hi.
What artists do you think have the best lyrics to their music
Any good new bands out there?
How much longer is this gonna take?
hey are you going to the eightball mjg concert?
Did you see the last star wars?
It's weird, but it seems like every time I become close friends with someone, it turns out they like horror movies.
Have you seen the movies The Last Mimzy?
Think the Beatles are a pop or rock band?
The Seahawks may just be trending downwards.
What are you doing tonight?
Did you see that M. Night movie where the kids go to see their grandparents?
So did you watch new wonder woman movie?
how about that force awakens?
So, I just got into David Lynch films.
What's up with the Raiders new colors?
Have you seen Leon the Professional? It's my favorite thriller of all time
What musicals have you seen?
What's the most recent Pop CD that you purchased?
I spent three hours last night listening to a YouTube video about people disappearing in national parks.
Lady Gaga just released a new single.
Do you like Maroon 5?
do you think there was a good draft this year?
Oh my gosh, guess what?
Have you seen the real life Cinderella movie?
My wife is trying to get me to start listening to christian music.
You watched the Dolphins and the Ravens last night?
Doesn't that guy over there kind of remind you of that guy from Mulan?
The new Atlanta Braves baseball stadium is amazing.
What is your favorite football team?
Beatles recorded for the Apple Record Label didn't they?
Did you ever see Man on Fire?
Hey, have you heard Lady Gaga's most recent album?
So what do you think about the Rams moving back to LA?
Do you like Linking Park?
Do you like French movies?
I'm like 25 years late, but finally saw Silence of the Lambs.
You know what the most unlikely romantic movie in the world is?
Do you think Rey is one of the Skywalker kids?
What movies do you like?
Have you seen the documentary Nobody Speak?
The only one of the prequel Star Wars movies I really like is Revenge of the Sith.
So what is your favorite comedy movie?
Have you ever seen Nosferatu?
Woo to the hoo, training camp and preseasons games start up next month!
What's your favorite movie?
Have you watched the movie 47 Meters Down?
What is your favorite kind of music to listen to?
Has anyone who won the Voice been really successful?
Did you like Ludacris at all?
Do you like Adele?
Do you know ja rules real name?
You've seen the Lord of the Rings trilogy, right?
Do you like Rob Zombie?
Are you a big fan of comic book movies?
Did I ever ask you if you like classical music?
Hey, are you psyched about the football season coming up?
Hey, do you like music?
My favorite group growing up was The Carpenters.
Something bugs me about Star Wars.
Hey. Do you know when baseball season starts?
Did you watch the Jason movies growing up.
Where are you from?
I took my dogs for a walk last night.
Do you remember Luther Vandross?
Which movie did you like better, "The Force Awakens" or "The Last Jedi"
I watched that movie, Dead Silence, that you recommended me!
Did you see that Derek Jeter had his number retired the other day?
Hey, what's the most remarkable thing about football?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Are you a fan of rap music?
I loved Rogue One. What did you think of the ending?
Do you think rock music is dying?
If you could get three artist to work together on a song who would you get?
So, your contention is that movies can be a good way to get people interested in history, right?
I know I'm not in his target age group, but I really like Ed Sheeran's music
Yea, I just truly think that Tom Brady is tough to beat.
What is a good gangster movie?
sup jarry
Stand by Me is a good movie , isn't it?
Hi
What music are you listening to now?
Do you listen to hip-hop or rap music?
Do you like Nicki Minaj?
Do you think they will replace Carrie Fisher in the next Star Wars Movie?
I just saw Rosemary's Baby at film class.
Can you see a fourth Hangover movie being made?
Hi.
nfl about a month away.
I'm too tired to be productive tonight. You have any ideas what we can do?
The Expendables was an excellent movie.
Have you heard of Five Iron Frenzy?
Have you seen Cars?
I really want to see the new Wonder Woman movie.
Which Star Wars movie was your favorite?
Do you like rock?
Have you seen all the Toy Story movies?
What are you doing today my cyberpal?
Have you ever seen the movie Unbreakable?
Let's have a conversation on football
Did you see the new Guardians of the Galaxy Movie?
Well you know of my fear of Ursula from "The Little Mermaid" and Chernabog from "Fantasia." What was the creepiest thing you saw in a Disney movie?
How do you feel about country music making the pop music genre?
Who do you think is the best player in the NBA right now.
I really think you would find them striking.
Which teams have fewer fans than their namesake?
Hey, have you ever seen Keeping up with the Joneses?
Do you like The Yellow Submarine album?
The boys and I are trying to figure out what to watch tonight. I miss the good old family movies, like you could watch on Sunday night by Disney.
Hey, did you ever see Mrs. Doubtfire?
Do you know how to play basketball?
Do you like Abba?
I like the Hulk.
I've never understood if Forrest Gump is a comedy or drama.
I've really gotten into the Beatles lately.
Who do you think was the best 60s band?
The Silence of the Lambs was my favorite thriller movie of all time
Do you like British invasion music?
I'm thinking of volunteering at the Superbowl this year.
Have you heard about the lousy box office turn out for King Arthur the Legend of the Sword?
I saw the trailer for the new movie coming out, "Pitch Perfect 3." I can't wait to see it.
I watched the movie "Big Fish" last night.
Have you seen Moana yet?
How was your weekend?
what your favorite toy story movie?
Is Aliens as scary as Alien?
Name some songs you think transcend time.
Do you know what surpises me about Frozen?
What is the most obscure movie you have ever seen?
I like the Dallas Cowboys.
What genre of movies do you like?
What is a song that you really like, but you think is too long?
Have you seen the new star wars movie?
What's your favorite movie?
Oh my god the first 15 minutes of UP is the most emotional I've ever been watching a Disney movie.
What do you think a modern Ariel would feel about humans? Compared to how they were before?
Have you ever seen Guardians of the Galaxies?
What do you think about the new sith, Kylo Ren; in the new Star War's episode?
Did your family ever force you to watch the Sound of Music growing up?
What is the best superhero movie of all time?
So is Justin Bieber the king of pop at this point?
Have you heard Big Sean's new album?
Have you ever seen Mulun?
Did you catch game 7 between the Celtics and Wizards?
What sort of music have you been listening to lately?
Are you going to be seeing the new Stephen King movie?
Did you read about Michelle Rodriguez posting on Instagram that she might have to quit the Fast and Furious movies?
Do you like megan trainor?
I have been listening to some retro music.
Do you like the 'Fast and Furious' movies?
Who is your favorite actor?
Have you watched star wars
I love the new Despacito song featuring Justin Beiber!
What's your favorite Marvel movie?
disney or Pixar?
Did you watch much college basketball this year?
What do you think of Ariana Grande?
What did you think of Aladdin?
I just saw Superbowl XVII.
Are you going to go see the new King Arthur movie this weekend?
Have you heard of "A Perfect Circle"?
George Lucas did a really great job with the first star wars movie
I recently began listening to Country music again
What is your favorite movie?
What do you think of Moby? Where did he go? I loved his music?
Do you think a 2000 yard season from a wide receiver is possible?
Did you ever watch Into the Wild?
Have you noticed they really don't make westerns anymore?
If you could be in the Star Wars movies, what side would you be on?
I'm kind of surprised DC Comics hasn't tried to make another Constantine film.
Who do you think is the best team in the NFC East this upcoming season?
Did you ever listen to Red and Blue EP by Lady Gaga?
Are you a fan of The Beatles?
Hey did you see that Tampa bay lighting bolt guy!!
What was your favorite part about Order of the Phenix?
Do you consider Talyor Swift to be a pop artist or country.
Do you have a favorite Will Smith action movie?
I remember thinking Chingy was really cute when I was a teenager.
Do you like pop music?
I wish the movies were more faithful
Are you familiar with the song "Hey Jude"?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
So what is your favorite super hero movie?
Hey man, I can't wait for football season!
What is your favorite song from Bruno Mars?
Hey, you have to check out this new group I just discovered!
Have you seen Finding Dory?
Did you see the Fast and furious 8?
So, what do you think?  Have we pretty much kick the horse dead on bad covers?
What was the last great thriller film you saw?
Do you have a favorite rock band?
Are you excited for the Texans this coming season?
Man, what's with all these mumble rappers on the radio like Future and Lil Uzi Vert?
Man, sometimes I just want to leave this planet.
Have you seen any of the Pirates of the Caribbean movies?
What is you favorite Fast and Furious movie?
Hey have you seen the movie Passengers?
Dude I cannot get over the movie Split. I watched it like 3 days ago and I still can't stop thinking about it.
Hey are you a big fan of Reggae?
The NFL season is in two months.
Have you been listening to any rap lately?
So are you a fan of pop music?
How about those Celtics?
I may get some flack for saying this, but I think the Beatles are overrated.
I just realized something in Harry Potter.
I'm really excited for the new Star Wars movie The Last Jedi.
Do you consider Deadpool to be a superhero?
Do you still like the NFL even with all the concussion issues?
Do you remember Dr Dre?
Do you like Van Halen?
Do you remember who won the Superbowl last year?
Alright, what is your personal favorite as far as comedic music goes?
Which album do you like better?
Who is your favorite ice hockey team?
Do you like pop music?
What Harry Potter book was the best? and which movie was the
The raiders are a pretty good team
I think Mad Max is probably the best action film in a long time.
What do you have planned this weekend?
It won't be long until the NFL season starts.
Do you have any plans for the day?
Do you like any musical movies?
I watched a really disturbing movie the other night.
Did you see the Force Awakens yet?
Have you heard of Eric Church?
Have you ever played an insturment?
Do you like the Beatles?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Do you know a lot about the Star Wars movies?
Have you been keeping up with the Dallas Stars?
If you had to pick one wide receiver, any wide receiver of your choice, to start off your NFL team, who would you take?
Who is the best team in the Midwest.
When was the last time you went to the movie theater?
What is your favorite type of music?
I'm in the mood for some rock music, any suggestions?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
got a favorite biggie song?
Do you like U2?
I saw the new Cars 3 movie this weekend.
Hi there.
Did you hear the new Ellie Goulding song?
Hi.
I want to watch something with a lot of action.
Remember the good old days of college? Parties, less stress, and listening to Linkin Park?
What is the best movie you've ever seen?
What bands do you like from the 90's?
I'm really glad they held off on superhero movies until now.
Patriots ran 117 yards per game last season. Cowboys gave up 83.6 yards.
How do you like the Harry Potter movies?
what do you think about Asher D?
I am bored blah
Who's better, LeBron or Jordan?
Do you like Star Wars The Force Awakens?
Have you heard of Panda Girls?
Do you watch NBA games frequently?
Have you heard any of Harry Styles' new music?
I can't believe yet another Thor movie is coming out.
You ready for football?
I won some Ed sheeran tickets from work
What's your favorite Beatles song?
Hey, did you see the Indians game last week?
What was that movie with Emma Stone in it?
What is your favorite boy band of all time?
Out of all of the Star Wars movies, who is your favorite character?
What is another song like Baby One More Time?
How do you like these new artists like Kendrick Lamar and Chance the Rapper?
What radio station do you listen to lately?
I just saw my first James Dean movie.
Coldplay's new song is pretty tight.
I hated Cars 3.
I saw the movie Xanadu last night.
Have you heard anthing from dirty heads lately?
Do you know of any good movies coming out soon?
Do you like rock music?
Hey there.
Did you see the movie The Princess Frog?
Do you like country rock.
Have you seen the new movie, Pirates of the Caribbean?
What is the most popular Beatles song?
Remember that scene is "Attack of the Clones" where Yoda went all crazy?
Are you ready for some football?
Did you see the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
What do you think of the Rams' move to LA?
Which do you think was better out of these two movies? The first or second John Wick movies?
What have you been into as far as pop is concerned?
Who is your favorite superhero?
Do you want to watch Wreck It Ralph tonight?
What do you think about the Falcon's chances this year?
Do you like disney movies?
What's your favorite Paul Walker movie?
What's your favorite romantic movie?
Are you a fan of David Lynch.
Have you seen all the Mission Impossible movies?
Last weekend was amazing
Did you see the new Potter spin off?
Do you like the pitch perfect movies?
Do you like kenny chesney?
Have you ever watched Pinocchio?
What is your favorite Harry Potter movie?
Are you looking forward to seeing Rough Night?
How do you feel about Taylor Swift?
Lately I've been getting into the music of an old band called The Monkees.
Do you think Lebron James will surpass Michael Jordan as the greatest basketball player?
We watched Moana last night!
I see they're making a Justice League type movie.
What movies should every one watch before they die?
Do you like Harry Styles?
You remember that thriller about a guy being chased by a crazed trucker?
Holes was a really good movie
Ok, I've got some Star Wars trivia for you, are you up for it?
Which team in the NFL would you like to see go see
Have you heard POUND THE ALARM by Nicki?
Do you like disney movies?
What's the worst "dagger to the heart" that you have experienced watching football?
What's the best action movie ever made?
What do you think about SZA's progression as a pop star?
What rock band has the best guitarist?
One of these days, I'd like to see a back story on what happened with the New Republic after Luke destroyed the Empire.
Hey what team do you support in the NFL?
Do you like the droids in Star Wars?
Have you seen the new Star Wars?
Do you like Star Wars?
Who is your favorite Disney princess?
Didn't you used to love Cinderella?
So it looks like we will all finally get to see the Warriors vs. Cavaliers in the finals.
What have you been listening to on the radio lately?
Have you heard Ed Sheeran's new album, Divide?
What's your favorite villain from X-Men: First Class?
If you like comedies, you'll love Groundhog Day.
It's a shame that musicians need to also be business people more than ever these days.
Do you want to talk about movies?
Have you seen any good movies in theaters recently?
Do you like whale music?
Have you seen the new Ansol Elgort movie?
So what's going on with britney spears?
There are so many remaking of movies lately.
What is your favorite movie of all time?
My favorite Disney movie is Hercules.
Do you remember who won the 2014-2015 NBA finals?
What types of comedies do you like?
Who is your favorite singer?
Do you like pop music?
Do you remember what that movie was called where the family gets shipwrecked on an island and builds a really cool treehouse?
I wonder if light sabers are real
What's your favorite Christmas movie?
Have you heard of Lupe Fiasco?
Have you noticed how it's... kind of hard to find a Disney movie without some kind of obvious racism in it?
Hello
Did you see the interview with Tom Brady about how long he wants to play in the NFL?
I didn't like that new X-Men movie one bit.
I discovered  an old time pianist I really like today.
I saw your post that you went to go see It Comes at Night yesterday.
I just saw Kong: Skull Island.
What is your least favorite part of Star Wars?
Will Alshon Jeffrey have a good year this year?
What's you favorite Toy Story movie?
Do you like pop music stars.
Lets talk about music
Tom Brady's had several concussions, do you think he's still going to be any good?
Hey, could you teach me about football?
I have been listening to a lot of Lady Gaga recently. Have you?
Britney Spears. Is she still around?
What do you think of the Harry Potter movies?
Hey, what's up?
I can;t get this song out of my head!
I am so excited about the upcoming NFL season.
Do,you like,ringo Starr's solo music?
You like basketball right?
Have you heard any good music lately?
They're making a Han Solo movie?
Do you like Lady Gaga?
What do you think is the weirdest song the Beatles ever recorded?
I likee harry potter
Did you know Justin beiber is from Canada?
I want to go to a Vikings game this season.
What is the last movie you saw in the theater?
What's your favorite movie?
Have you ever seen Chocolate?
Hi there.
Have you seen the latest Disney movie?
Which 90s rapper is your favorite?
What's your favorite music to work out to at the gym?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Have you ever seen Four Brothers?
I dont remember which one is my favorite, but i love the one with safe
did you hear about the movie "mama"?
What did you think of Tarzan.
I'm so ready for next year's college season.
What kind of music do you listen to when you work out?
You know Lady Gaga?
Hi, what movie are we watching tonight?
Here's a good icebreaker: What's your favorite Beatles song?
Did you know that Lady Gaga went to  Convent of the Sacred Heart high school?
For the longest time, I had an aversion to the Harry Potter movies even though I had not seen one film.
You know who's  not only a great pop musician and singer but it seems a good person too?
Frozen is a really good disney movie.
Let's talk about our fantasy baseball teams.  I have 3 teams and only one of them is doing well.  I'm getting frustrated.
I can't believe the Falcons blew such a demanding lead.
I am writing a play about vampires and I am looking for good music
Did you see the preview for Dead Pool?
Have you ever seen the movie "Never Been Kissed"?
One of my favorite parts of Star Wars is when Luke goes to Dagobah to train with Yoda.
I was thinking about movies and the Academy Awards.
I heard Moana is a good movie
hi mate...how's the evening going?
Did you see that the new Lorde album, Melodrama, is out?
Have you seen the new Carolina Panthers workout video?
Who's the youngest NFL player that you know of?
Hey, what are you up to?
What is your favorite home run moment of all-time?
Which Star Wars movies villain is your favorite of all time?
Who is your favorite rapper?
Tell me ! Are you team frozen ?
What are your thoughts on rap music?
you like metallica?
Hey I heard the new Beauty and the Beast is coming out on DVD soon. Did you want to see it?
Do you want to go out to dinner with me tonight?
Hi.
Have you seen a movie called Signs?
Music these days is not what it used to be.
Hey, did you see Get Out yet?
What film do you wish you could have starred in?
HAVE YOU SEEN THE MOVE CHAIN SAW?
Who is your favorite rapper?
What your number number one type of music?
Hey! Are you watching the NBA Playoffs?
What kind of movies do you watch?
I have a confession to make.
Hey man
Hey there.
I think Bale should reprise his Batman
Are you ready for some football?
So it does seem like we will get the Warriors and Cavaliers in the Finals again.
Did you ever see Happy Gilmore?
hey did you watch the nba finals?
I always liked the first film better than the second
Have you seen the Harry Potter movies?
What kind of music do you like?
Have you seen the movie Hancock, with Will Smith?
No, I mean if Cook was in a different team he wouldn;t have ranked that high.
What did you think about the Twilight movies?
I love the band Paramore.
What is your favorite movie?
Lets talk about music
What do you think about actors like Jim Carrey and Eddie Murphy kind of stopping being good?
How many movies are in The Fast and the Furious franchise?
Man i think eminem is a good rap person
Who is your favorite Classic Rock group?
What do you think about Macklemore?
I've been looking for something new to listen to.
What do you think is the most romantic Disney film of all time?
Have you seen Fifty Shades of Grey?
You know there are coming out with the third Despicable Me movie.
I really like meta-songs.
Hey.
Any thoughts on the Detroit Lions?
Lets talk about movies
I feel like the Eagles are going to be the next big thing in the NFL
what's up
Rumors here in Chicago about the Cubs trading to get Quintana from the White Sox.
Everything going good for you?
What do you think of the new Star Wars movie?
What do you think of Lil Wayne?
I was so happy to see that they re-released Oliver!
The football is almost back.
I was trying to find some music for tomorrow night's party.
Do you know if they'll be doing a spinoff movie about Obi-Wan Kenobi?
I don't think that Hogwarts should keep Slytherin house around - all the wizards that came out of there were evil.
What is your favorite George Lucas movie?
Did you ever see the Edge?
Have you seen any movies in the theater lately?
Hey! I must say I have new found respect for Justin Beiber!
What are some of your favorite Horror films?
I have been going down memory lane lately.
What do you think about football?
So how about I saw that new movie with the chick from the Fast and Furious movies...
Hey bro! Ready for the season?
James and the Giant Peach was one of my favorite books
What kind of music did you listen to growing up?
do you like justin bieber
Have you been watching football laterly?
Hey you know what song I really like right now?
Who do you think is going to be MVP this season?
I love the movie Frozen.
Do you really think Michael Jackson was the king of pop?
How do you feel about Blink 182?
I don't understand your obbession with the NFL.
What are some Disney movies that are based on books? I'm writing an essay about adaptation.
Did you catch the game between the O's  and the blue jays
What's you favorite thriller movie?
Do you like luke byran
I want to see the Browns be good again
I don't especially like thriller movies.
Hey, what do you think about football?
The movie the Rescuers was so scary in some parts !
I just saw Inception.
Johnny Depp is such a good actor.
You know what's weird? When everyone else looks forward to Christmas, they think about gifts etc. I think about Christmas movies!q
Do you like Disney movies?
Teams report for camp soon.  who is your pick for Super Bowl Champs?
Do you like early Beatles songs better or later Beatles songs?
How many concerts have you been to?
Was General Grievous a Sith warrior?
Do you remember the flying car scene in Harry Potter I believe it was in Chamber of Secrets.
Did you ever see Dumbo?
In your opinion, what is an underrated thriller film?
What is a key grip, anyway?
Have you seen the last Mummy movie yet?
Hi
Can we go see a movie
Do you listen to Bieber?
Have you seen the Hunger Game first movie?
Did you know that Paul McCarthy wrote a song about his dog?
Do you like old or new Disney movies better?
Are you a drummer?
Is Dead Man's Chest out yet?
Who are your favorite singers from American Idol?
You like Led Zeppelin music?
what did you think was better, return of the Jedi or the empire strikes back?
TV is playing 'Tarzan' movie. Want to watch it?
Did you ever see Oldboy?
Have you heard of "Willy Dynomite"?
Hi.
Have you listened to the new band called the goats yet
What's your favorite music genre?
Are there any Lady Gaga songs you totally hate?
Did you watch Disney movies as a child?
Do you like any Motown music?
Rilo Kiley is one of the best indie rock bands of all time
Did you ever see the re-releases of the Star Wars movies?
How much do you know about the Beatles and their spouses?
What language does R2D2 speak?
Have you seen Beauty and the Beast?
Did you like Pineapple Express?
hey have you seen the movie toy story 3 ?
What was your favorite moment of performing music in high school?
Would you like to talk about music?
My friend is having an album release party for the new Decemberists album. Want to come?
I like FERRIS BUELLER'S DAY OFF.
Will Hollywood film a movie about the 2016 presidential election?
My favorite fast and furious movie is fast five
Would you say you liked Weekend at Bernie's?
Have you seen any movies lately?
Do you think the Steelers will do well this year?
Who is your favorite band on the 60's?
Did any of the Beatles have kids that followed in their footsteps?
I was flipping through channels last night and found the movie The Rock.
So are you a Lady Gaga fan?
Trivia time.
So what have you been up to lately?
What do you think about the movie Pocahontas?
What are the mascots of the teams in the NFL?
Do you like Kid Rock?
what is your favorite rock anthem song?
Have you looked at the NFL schedule this year for the Panthers?
Did you hear Cars 3 is out this weekend?
What are you listening to?
Have you seen the news about Comey?
Did you like Finding Dory?
What do you think of Lady Gaga doing big band standards with Tony Bennett?
Do you like the 49ers?
Did you see the movie Alien?
I read today that music is getting more repetitive and unoriginal these days.
I am bored, do you want to do something?
I really want to visit Disney World.
Why do you think the sequels to the matrix were so bad?
It's funny how they use working titles when making films.
Have you seen that movie, Split?
Well another NFL season is getting ready to start.
Do you listen to country music?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Do you think the NFL season should be longer?
Lets talk about music
What is your son going to be for halloween?
What year did the first Star Wars come out?
Are you into animated movies at all?
I wonder what the best movie ever made was.
So why do you think all these retailers are failing?
How was that band you when to last night ?
What do you think of Coldplay?
Hey, what do you think about football?
They need to remaster One Hundred and One Dalmatians.
How old were you when you first started watching Star Wars?
Did you hear that new Linkin Park song on the radio?
Did you hear the MGK single?
What is Lady Gaga's real name?
Man every year when the Superbowl ends I get depressed, no NFL football for months
You big into the Avengers movies?
Lets talk about music
Do you like Lady Gaga?
Are you fan of Wes Craven movies?
I love the movie Snow White.
Do you like jazz?
Did you catch the practice footage for the upcoming game?
Did you hear Rick Springfield's latest album yet?
How do you feel about the Fast & Furious series?
Did you catch the new DC movie yet?
Superhero movies have been so popular in recent years.
What's,your thoughts on Sinatra?
You know what;'s funny though?
Have you heard any songs from sara bareilles?
Did you see the Oscars last night?
When you watch the NFL do you think there are too many commercials?
What is your favorite Lady Gaga Album?
The new Star Wars movie comes out this year.
Have you seen The Autopsy of Jane Doe?
Did you see that the Brewers will be playing the Cubs this afternoon?
Do you like rap?
Do you like One Republic?
Sometimes I'll just be chilling or running errands or something and out of the blue I'll think to myself, "Man, Slick Rick is so dope."
Do you like western movies at all?
I'm not sure I can get into Japanese music.
Tell me you've seen Wonder Woman!
What do you think of when you think of Bethlehem, Pennsylvania?
Did you ever see Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs?
So how are you doing this evening?
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THE BAND HIM?
Do you like Led Zeppelin?
Remember that song by Toto, "Africa"?
Hey do you know what my favorite movie is?
What color was Luke's lightsaber in Return of the Jedi?
Do you like the song by Mariah Carey and TI called I'll Be Lovin' U Long Time?
Did you see the pictures from the MET gala?
Do you think Dan Marino was a good quarterback
Ewok or Jawa.
Has Johnny Depp been in any good horror movies?
Hey did you see the baseball game last night?
I went out of town last week?
Whos your under-dog team this year?
The first new star wars movie was better than the second
Boy the Mets really needed that win last night.
Bye Bye Man was the worst Horror movie I've ever seen!
Are you a big fan of Justin Bieber?
Are ready for some NFL?
I Prevail is quickly becoming one of my favorite bands.
Do you like Tarantino movies?
What do you think about bluegrass music?
What would you say is the best live-action musical movie of all time?
Do you play any instruments?
I wish I had more money so I could be more fashionable.
What's your favorite kind of music?
Have you seen how much old school hip hop is making a comeback?
What did you think of the new Alien movie?
Do you like Pink Floyd?
So do you listen to a lot of rock music?
Do you like science fiction films?
What did you think of the new Whitechapel album?
Who is your favorite team?
Anakin Skywalker must be saved
Did you see the Braves Blue Jays game?
Hey Bryan, tomorrow is Halloween do you want to have a monster movie marathon?
Are you excited for the upcoming NFL season?
Who is your favorite Star Wars character?
I had to help out last night at the kids baseball practice.
Which Psycho did you like better?
What type of music you like?
Hey, Leslie, I have a question.
You ever get into Blink 182?
These movies suck
Do you like reba
Have you seen Seven?
My favorate Pixar movie has to be Up.
You know what movie was really sad?
Do you remember the backstreet boys?
Did you hear that there is a new Doom track coming out?
Movies these days are sort of lame
Do you like Queensryche?
Do you like Eminem more than Easy E?
What do you think of the movie the Lady and the Tramp?
Disney has been doing a great job on making movies these days, especially the Star Wars movies.
Who is the best team in the early going?
Are you a fan of horror films?
Some Beatles songs seem to be descriptions in the life of the Beatles.
Football isn't coming soon enough
Last season, the offense was the ball and chain of this team.
Dude, did you see the latest Star Wars movie
Have you seen the others?
Did you see the Marlins game?
Have you seen the movie Karate Kill?
Do you like the NFL?
What is your favorite album right now?
Did you hear who's being inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame this year?
Can you find a station that plays pop or rock? I don't really like country music, which is what is playing right now.
What would you say is Joss Whedon's best movie project?
You've been a professional musician for a while, right?
What's your favorite Fast and Furious movie?
Do you like son'ja ?
Do you listen to hip-hop music?
Do you like oldies
Hello
Did you  see Kanye's new line of clothes?
Do you ever watch old movies?
Do you like Bon Jovi?
What is your favorite type of music? Mine is classic rock.
Have you seen any of the Marvel movies?
Soon enough the 2017 NFL season will start!
Who do you like to go to the SUPERBOWL this year.
Have you heard Paparazzi?
Have you seen any of the Star Wars movies?
have you seen It Follows?
Who are you going for this season?
Do you like new country music?
Who is your favorite band?
What is your favorite Star Wars movie?
Hi
If you could pick one movie to watch for the rest of your life what would it be?
Hey, what do you think about football?
Have you ever been to any concerts before?
Ratatouille is not a good film.
O.K., I've got one for you.  What was the greatest football team of all time?
Have you ever heard of Queensryche?
I'm in the mood for a good thriller movie. Have you seen any lately?
Who do you think will win the Superbowl this year?
Are you looking forward to the dance?
Did you prefer Britney or Christina, back in the 90's?
Did you know that Lady Gaga's real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta?
What horror movie was the funniest you have seen?
I was listening to the radio today and heard that Disney costumes are the most popular halloween costumes these days.
Have you heard of Lifehouse?
Did you watch the finals of the van Cliburn piano competition?
The year the Jets make the Superbowl is almost here.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
What kind of music do you like?
What do you think about the last NFL season?
It's all about carrying a story though, and the prequels do it superbly.
Man did you see that movie that jackie chan was in
Who's your favorite Beatle?
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
hester is the best return man ever
Guess who I saw in concert last night?
Do you like rock music from around the world?
I need more movies based on cars
You know what else is gonna be a great movie about Russia?
Did you see the new Tom Hiddleston movie?
If you had to pick the best rapper of all time who would you choose?
Can you believe the start of the NFL season is just about 2 months away know?
Who is your favorite rap group?
I started to watch Lord of the Rings last night. Ended up turning it off.
Did you like Vin Diesel in the Fast and the Furious?
I miss seeing jackie chan in movies
Ugh, this thing never ends.
What do you think of The Little Mermaid, now that you've read the original?
Do you know the opening day for the Titans this season?
George Harrison is the best Beatle?
My favorite action movie has to be Rambo.
YOu know it is weird she has two albums with similar names
I am still unsure of the origins
Would you like to go with me to see the symphony downtown tonight?
what is your favorite lady gaga song?
Have you ever watched The Little Mermaid?
Have you ever played baseball?
Are you still playing the piano?
What's on your headphones?
Hey, are you excited for this upcoming season?
Have you seen the latest Tim Burton film?
did you like the star wars movies
I wonder why Disney keeps putting out all these rmakes.
Hey, have ever wacthed the movie The Crazies?
what is your favorite movie?
How do you feel about the NFL's rules?
What do you think the next Disney movie will be?
What in a game drives you crazy?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Hello, what is you favorite types of music?
So who is your favorite all-time musician?
How about those Lions?
Hey! I'm in the mood to see a good thriller movie tonight, any recommendations?
Which Star Wars movie do you like the most?
Have you seen the original Star Wars trilogy?
Did you hear Chris Cornell died?
What's your favorite Disney movie?
Hey you ever hear the this song cool issues ?
Whats your favorite Disney movie ever?
The best part of those Rocky movies was the music!
Do you like Brantley Gilbert's music?
I am ready for some NFL football to return!
How about in memory of Prince we listen to some of his music?
Did you see Hacksaw Ridge?
Do you want to go see Muse with me Sunday night?
I just heard there is a new Pirates of the Caribbean movie coming out.
did you see dead silence?
Are there any classic horror films that you really like?
Do you remember the Psychedelic Furs?
Do you like One Direction?
Do you want to go see Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2?
I feel like watching Wedding Crashers.
I went to go see Despicable me last night
Where does The Little Mermaid take place?
how do you like linkin park
Hey, did you know Paul McCartney was in a band before Wings?
Which is your favorite Disney movie?
Who is your favorite Star Wars Character.
Who do you believe is the most influential rock band or musician?
Do you remember the 2004 Grammys?
Do you know what year the movie "Pinocchio" came out?
I saw an older Disney movie the other day that I hadn't seen in a long time.
Do you think it's possible to define indie rock?
"Would you F@#$ me? I'd F@#$ me."
What type of Disney film is your favorite?
When you were younger, did you ever listen to Britney Spears or Nsync?
I love watching football highlights online.
Did you know that Usher helped jump start Justin Beibers music career?
There are so many good Disney animated films, but Mary Poppins is my favorite.
Who do you think is the worst NFL team in the league right now?
Are you in to Disney at all?
What do you think of the Giants chances this year?
What are your favorite kind of movies?
Do you listen to much punk music?
Have you seen any good movies lately?
Hey have you seen any good space movies lately
what movie are you dying to see?
Have you ever watched the bourne movies
Is it just me or is Luna crazy?
I just saw The Force Awakens.
You're a big Lady Antebellum fan, aren't you?
My favorite Disney Pixar movie by far has to be the Toy Story series.
Hey Rick! How's work going?
What is your least favorite character in the Harry Potter series?
You know what else is weird?
Have you ever heard of a band called The Hold Steady?
Did you ever see the Ring?
Hello buddy, I was watching tarzan movie this morning
do you think the panthers will bounce back this season?
Have you seen a movie called Forgetting Sarah Marshall?
Are you into scary movies?
Have you seen that Nicole Kidman movie that takes place in France?
Do you like seeing Thriller movies?
I'm looking forward to seeing the New York Giants this season!
Hey do you remember how many dwarfs that were in Snow White?
I saw highlights from Superbowl VI last night.
Do you like Kevin Bacon movies?
Hey Sheryl have you seen my new Dooney & Bourke  hand bag?
I can't wait until Nok from the Future goes on tour again.
I can't wait to see the new, live Action Mulan!
DId you know Katey Sagal the actress also sings?
Have you heard of korn?
Who do you think will win the Super Bowl this season?
what is your favorite pop artist?
What are thoughts on ironman?
How do you feel about the Patriots as an organization?
Do you lile christina Aguilera?
Lady Gaga is my all time favorite performer.
Who is your favorite comedic actor?
It looks like it's going to be Boston and Cleveland in the Eastern Conference Finals.
So, Star Wars is pretty awesome.
Have you ever heard of "music therapy"?
Are you a fan of Jay-Z?
Going to any upcoming shows
I watched It's A Wonderful Life last night for the first time.
Who's your favorite actor?
Have I told you recently how much I love Michael Jackson?
Have you heard of the band, Spoon?
Did you hear they are coming out with a sequel to Super Troopers?
Another lame football season.
Did you see the Revenant?
I can't wait until the next Star Wars that comes out in December.
Hey, I heard you're a King Crimson fan!
Hey Jack, what's up
What kind of music do you like?
Have you gone to any rock concerts?
So what is your favorite Star Wars movie?
What do you think about the current state of rap music?
Do you listen to rap?
Did you ever watch Tarzan?
Did you watch last year's Super Bowl?
Hey pal let's talk about great and near great Yankee players over the past 30 years or so. Remember Andy Stankewitz?
Hey, the kids are bugging me to take them to the movies for their birthdays.
Do you like the original Star Wars movies or the new one?
Merlin's beard, the Prisoner of Azkaban movie was awful.
How long has the NFL been in existence?
Hey, I haven't seen you in ages, how have you been?
Did you see that Giants game yesterday?
I read somewhere that the first Star Wars movie was based on classic mythology.
Who are some of your favorite pop artists?
Everyone asks about favorite teams, but what I want to know is what is your most despised NFL team?
What's your favorite lightsaber duel?
what do you think of lil yachty
I've been thinking about this. I think Magnolia is my favorite Paul Thomas Anderson movie.
So, any bands you looking to see this Summer?
Man these movies blow
What ever happened to that rapper C-murder?
One of my least favorite Disney movies is Peter Pan. Do you like it?
Do you like any songs by Tamar Braxton?
Is it just me or is it really hard to understand rap lyrics unless you have them written down right in front of you?
Have you heard the new Red Hot Chili Pepper album?
What type of music do you listen to?
I haven't seen a good movie in such a long time.
What's your favorite movie?
Did you ever watch Rocky?
What is your favorite super hero movie?
Hey
Do you ever consider that nature has i t's own music?
Who has the best uniform in the NBA?
So hey, what did you do this weekend?
What did you think of the bar scene in the original Star Wars?
Are you a fan of the Transformer movies?
Did you catch any of the latest DC movies?
The whole Fast & Furious series of movies changed the way I looked at cars forever.
Any word on the next Blade movie?
How about we get together and do something?
Who has been your favorite to see in concert?
Yo
Have you seen the Marvel movie Spawn?
Do you like Lady Gaga??
Why can't I find a badly scribbled over textbook that contains all the answers I need for school like in Harry Potter.
So who is your favorite Beatle?
You've been to a lot of alternative rock concerts, haven't you?
What's your favorite Tina Fey movie?
Who do you think will win MVP this year?
Do you like Harry Styles?
What excites you this year in the NFL?
Do you remember Pat Benatar?
I hope Disney has a new movie coming out soon. I'm sick of watching Moana with my little one.
What do you think of Lady Gaga?
Are you going to see Harry Potter and the Sorceror's Stone with the Symphony?
Have you heard of Noah cyrus?
The movie UP made me cry !
What is your favorite type of music?
Who do you think will get the Heisman trophy this year?
Did you here about the new movie cruella
What are some movies with good music, that are not really musicals?
What Star Wars movies do you think are the best not counting the first three that came out in the series?
Are you a fan of the Rocky movies?
Do you like the cartoon Disney films, or the live action ones?
What do you think are the best all-time Rolling Stones songs?
I wouldn't count out Green Bay just yet either.
Have you ever heard of Linkin Park?
Do you enjoy watching disney movies?
Hey, have you seen the Underworld Blood Wars yet?
Remember how wild the horror movies of the 1980's were?
I can't wait for the new Star Wars movie to come out.
Hey man, have you listened to Drake's new album?
Hey what do you think of Tyrod Taylor and how the Buffalo Bills will do this year?
Do you like female singer-songwriters?
What's your favorite moment where someone uses The Force?
Did you hear about the next Disney Pixar movie coming out this year?
do you know eh, eh by gaga?
Do you like Martin Solveig?
Who was your favorite Harry Potter character?
Marshawn Lynch is back!
Do you like Lady Gaga's music?
You ever listened to the Beatles?
Okay, something is bothering me about Neville, maybe you can help.
Who's watching the NBA Playoffs?
Do you see any possible Finals that wouldn't be Cavs-Warriors at this point?
Okay, this is gonna be a tough one. Top five favorite country music stars?
They're doing another Friday movie.
hey what you up to?
Is there a specific movie that you never get tired of watching?
Have you seen the latest Captain America movie?
I just watched Fast and Furious.
What ever happened to Karyn White?
I like the new Twenty One Pilots single.
How good do you think the jets will be this year?
I'm going to the movies this weekend with my son
Are you into Thriller movies at all?
Tell me some movie you saw recently.
Hey, so I listened to that band you recommended the other day.
Did you see the sequel to Finding Nemo?
Do you want to go see a movie this weekend?
I love those old movies
Whose is your least favorite artist
You know what, I think Cinderella is massively overrated.
So, you tell me you hate the NBA. Why?
I remember the first Toy Story movie; I think we watched it ten times.
I loved the Mighty Ducks
Which lightsaber is your favorite?
Who is your favorite NFL team?
I don't know what movie I wanna watch today.
Do you like star wars
When did country music become so bad?
What's your favorite NFL team?
What is the last good movie you watched?
What do you think about the new Star War movies?
Have you heard the latest from Lady Gaga?
What are some of your all time favorite Disney movies?
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Hello.
Have you seen any of the "new" Star Wars movies?
What pop song have you been loving and would recommend?
In what year was the children's movie Mulan premiered?
Did you see the game 3 between the Warriors and the Spurs?
Did you watch the Final Destination movies?
do you know any best movie during 30"s?
How many members are in Led Zeppelin?
Have you heard the new Ed Sheeran album?
Do you wanna go see Baby Driver?
Have you seen the Ring?
I think a new Wreck-it Ralph is coming out soon?
Did you see the Radiohead set at Glastonbury?
Hey have you seen Sisters?
Do you thin Cleveland or Golden State will lose a game before the NBA Finals?
I saw the final Harry Potter flick.
Man, I wish I could find a movie like Superbad.
Hi, how are you?
What's the best thriller movie you've seen in the past few years?
How do you feel about movies that were based on books?
Are there any good horror movies worth seeing?
I'm really excited for the upcoming season.
Who do you think is the best team to never win a Super Bowl.
I woke up this morning and on TV was the Disney movie "The Incredibles"!
Who do you think was the biggest pop star in music history?
So how do you think is the greatest player in NFL history?
Have you seen the latest Wonder Woman movie?
Hey! Did you watch the Super Bowl?
What do you think about the new Beauty and the Beast?
You know, pop music in the 80s was really good.
Have you ever seen any action movies from the 70s?
I'm so ready for football to start.  Let's pretend we are doing a mock fantasy football draft.   You go first, we'll predict how the first round plays out.
Darby O'Gill and the Little People is so underrated!
I've never been that interested in baseball.
Have you seen any good movies?
Because, what do the running backs do?
Are you a fan of Disney movies?
I think one thriller that is slightly underrated is The Butterfly Effect with Ashton Kutcher from 2004. Have you seen it?
Listen to this good music.
Which internationl movies do you see? I see chinese movies. I like them so much.
Hey, have you seen the movie As Good As It Gets?
I just saw the new Alien movie.
Have you ever watched Disney's Sleeping Beauty?
So, what superhero movies are you looking forward to?
Do you like music from the 80's.
Have you seen Friday After Next?
Do you enjoy Harry Potter books?
What did you think of Disney's spin on Sleepy Beauty with Maleficent?
How much do you like Bruno Mars?
Are you going to watch the Spurs and Rockets game?
Do you like comedy movies?
You listen to any good music lately?
Whatever happened to Hayden Christensen?
What is your favorite type of music?
Do you like the newer Superman movies?
The first NFL preseason game is going to be in less than a month!
Do you think Weezer is good?
Hey, remember when we used to go to the movies all the time together?
You know the kinds of movies that I wish they would make?  The ones like Buster Keaton used to make!
It has really been a long time since I've heard a good rap album.
What instrument does Quincy Jones play?
Hey do you like Hip-Hop?
I have to say Beauty and The Beast the animated version is still one of my all time favorites.
I'm always looking for new music.
What classic movies do you like?
Hey what's the saddest song you've ever heard.
Who is your favorite actor?
Who is your favorite glam rock band.
Do yo remember some of the all time NFL greats?
Madonna is such a talented artist. It's a shame that her album sales have been so low.
hey whats up how are you
Did you see that movie last fall about the Beatles called "8 Days A Week?"
I really thought I couldn't like any other Star Wars droids as much as R2-D2 and C-3PO but I was wrong!
What teams will have the strongest defenses in 2017 in the NFL?
Hey, you read the books, right?
I'm putting together a Beatles playlist to listen to with my kids. Do have any suggestions of Beatles songs that are good for kids?
What did you do this weekend?
Which side would you be on in the Star Wars movies?
Hey, you think the Raiders will take another step forward this year?
Quick! Name your favorite modern rapper.
Do you like Reba McEntyre
I love Disney movies because I grew up watching them!
Didn't Star Wars come out in the 80's?
Have you noticed all of the remakes of older movies lately.
Lets talk about music
Who is your favorite band of all time?
Have you heard Delta Rae?
Who is your favorite NFL player?
Have you seen Lady in the Van?
Hey man, have any good band recommendations?
Hey, did you hear Shaun of the Dead is playing again?
Didn't you just se the new Mummy movie with Tom Cruise?
Do you think Busta Rhymes is overrated?
I am in the mood for some good old country music. I would have to say it is my favorite genre.
I saw Micheal Jackson music video "Thriller" and I recorded it on my DVR.Do you remember that song?
What would you say is the best pop song of 2017?
Best stupid movie... go!
Did you see that Warriors game last night?
But you know what I think is one of THE most illogical things in the Star Wars universe?
What do you think of rock n roll?
Have you heard that the Gaslight Anthem went on hiatus?
I just saw a movie on an old pop music star who was living off fame he gathered in his youth.
I think Ben Affleck is the best Batman.
How good do you think Denver will be this year.
Have you heard of Aesop Rock?
Why is football so popular in the US?
Seen any good films lately?
Hey guess who I'm listening to right now.
Have you noticed that TV shows turned into movies are not doing very well these days?
Are slasher flicks all but dead in todays film world?
Have you seen the new Fast and Furious movie?
Hey, I've heard that you like rap music ?
Doesn't it seem like football just ended and the NFL is already almost back?
Have you heard the group Chainsmokers?
When do you listen to music?
Do you like horror movies
Guess what I saw last night at the theater!
Do you like pop music?
Do you like the Beatles?
What's your favorite part of the Harry Potter series?
Who do you think the best quarterback in the NFL is?
How great was the Jay Z Kanye West group album.
Tell me what kind of action movies you like?
Did you see the last game between the Pittsburgh Penguins and the Washington Capitols?
lady gaga is such a great singer
Did you know that it has been ten years since the last Harry Potter book was released?
Do you think Harrison Ford wishes he played more roles in Star Wars
What do you think of the Colts?
Do you ever listen to Kansas?
i heard a new 2pac song today
What are some good movies on Netflix?
Do you like the Lord of the Rings films?
Hi.
What's your favorite rock music genre?
Do you like Ariana Grande?
Hey, I see the Chiefs are coming out to Foxborough for opening day. Catch a flight and come out out.
I didnt know mary poppins was a disney movie
Did you see that movie A Monster Calls? Sigourney Weaver and Felicity Jones were in it.
Remember in the star wars movies when luke gets his hand chopped off?
I wish i could entertain myself
Did you know that the Beach Boy's "Surfin' USA" is the same song as Chuck berry's "Sweet Little Sixteen?"
So, it is just about a month until the preseason starts.
Have you ever seen undisputed 2?
Did you see yesterdays game?
If you were a student at Hogwarts what would you pick for a pet.
Have you heard THAT'S WHAT I LIKE by BRUNO MARS?
I am excited for the upcoming NFL season.
What do you think of Tech nine?
I really think the Celtics are setting up to be a dynasty
Yo! Let's do a jam session sometime.
Do you like music?
Do you play any instruments?
I need a spiderman Xmen movie
Have you seen that movie 'Role Models'?
Did you ever listen to the Goo Goo Dolls?
Hi there.
Do you like the beatles music
Hi
I want an actual justice league movie
Does Chris Brown still make music?
What is the one song that takes you back to the past?
Do you like the Seattle Seahawks?
Have you seen project almanac?
I'm going to the Traverse Film Festival next month... I'm so excited.
Hey have you seen the Resident Evil Final Chapter?
Have you heard of Danny Boyle?
I haven't seen furious 7 yet
I watch the Dictator last night.
The latest 'Fast' movie felt rather empty with Brian, Paul Walker's character.
Have you seen the Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice movie?
Hello! How are you?
I watched The Mighty Ducks the other day.
What do you think of black metal music?
What's your favorite Disney Movie?
Who do you think will coach the Knicks next season?
Hey do you like pop music at all?
Who is your favorite Spider-Man actor?
Do you think Luke will turn into a Sith in the new Star Wars?
What was your favorite concert?
Hi.
When I was a kid I remember going to see Lady and the Tramp.
Do you like Pixar movies?
What is your least favorite Star Wars movie?
What clothing should we wear while doing this?
Why do they call the American football a pigskin?
Hey, do you like watching movies?
Do you like fantasy movies?
Did the original Star Wars come out in 1975?
What kind of music do you like?
What do you think about Marshawn coming back to play for the Raiders?
How you seen any movies lately?
Okay, what was you're favorite Disney movie growing up?
Coldplay, yes or no?
Hey, I was wondering if you've seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie yet?
Do you know if they're planning to do a Little Mermaid live action remake?
Hey what about the Warriors this year?
So, what is your favorite Marvel movie?
Did you know that the song Irreplaceable by Beyonce was originally meant for Shania Twain?
Are you looking forward to Han Solo: A Star Wars Story next year?
Are you aware of a movie called Sea of Love?
Do you like movies?
Have you heard of Enya?
What are your favorite classic thrillers?
my granny say the beatles are are guys
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Have you ever seen The 40 year old virgin?
The Wizards defeat the Celtics here in Game 4 to tie the series.
Batman: The Dark Knight is on Netflix again.
Hey, so do you listen to the Rolling Stones?
Did you get Beauty and the Beast on DVD?
What was Leonardo DiCaprio's best performace?
It's tough being a 49ers fan these days.
Who is the best actor?
Have you seen any thriller movies lately?
Afternoon.
Have you gotten a chance to watch Moana yet?
Give me a recommendation of a dumb, but funny movie.
I am trying to watch every movie that won an Oscar for Best Picture.
Have you ever heard of the movie, The Cat From Outer space?
I love Dave Grohl! He is so good at drumming!
I just watched Bloon n Bones.
We're trying to think of where to have our summer vacation.
I feel like an old person when I listen to the radio.
Have you seen Cars 3 yet?
Have you heard of the band less than jake
What's your favorite Steven Seagal movie?
I have a dog and two cats.
What was the first Disney movie you saw in the theater?
Did you see Dr Strange?
Who won the Superbowl last year?
I've been watching a lot of movies about race in America.
What is your favorite Drake album?
Hey, what do you think of the Raiders chances this year?
Okay, let's talk covers.
Have you ever seen the thriller Misery before?
Who do you think is going to win the championship this year?
What was the last beatles song?
What is your favorite comedy movie?
Did you see the game between the warriors and the cavs last night?
What's your favorite album?
Have you seen all of the Fantastic Four movies?
What kind of music do you like?
Who is your favorite Star Wars hero?
So I heard you are a horror movie buff.
Do you follow baseball
I never realized how talented Lady Gaga.
Question for you
Are you ready for the upcoming NFL season?
People like system analysts, chemists score 32 and 31 respectively.
Grunge rock was a great movement.
Do you like Celtic music.
Are you a fan of Kevin Smith?
Is there any movies you'd like to see?
What types of music do you listen to?
I love Jay-Z.
Did you enjoy the new Kendrick Lamar album?
Do you like ole school, i think it's cool.
Can you pick a Star Wars character out by home planet?
Do you know of any movies that Liam Neeson starred in?
What is your favorite band?
Have you seen the Indiana Jones movies before?
Do you like post-punk?
What did you think about Han and Leia being Kylo Ren's parents?
Past or present, who would be your dream NFL team be made of?
Clive owens best movie is Shoot Em Up what do you think?
How many Star Wars movies was Chewbacca in?
Krampus was so scary
I'm planning to stream some comedies this weekend, got any recommendations?
I am really excited about the 2017 NFL season. Are you?
Wow, that's a classic Niners shirt!
Which Beatle is your favorite?
You know whatelse is weird?
Have you ever seen Ghostbusters?
Has David Lynch done any horror movies?
Are you a Disney movie fan?
Do you want to see Steel Panther with me this summer?
Enough of what the critics or the community wants us to think, who is your favorite rapper or rap group of all-time?
Are you a fan of foreign movies?
Who was Daniel Radcliffe in again?
What was the best movie you've ever seen in theaters?
Do you like shania twain
What was the last movie you saw?
Do you like Aerosmith?
What is you most favorite movie?
How long has there been music?
Hey, do you like to listen to parodies of songs?
You got any suggestions for new underground rappers for me to check out?
I think Episode six is the best Star Wars.
Did you see the Nationals game Thursday?
Have you watched any good horror movies?
Do you like any particular kind of music?
Do you prefer passing or running plays in the NFL?
How about Dem' Boys?
What is the best thriller movie you have watched?
Have you heard Alt-J's latest new album?
Do you remember the movie Dirty Dancing?
What's your favorite movie of all time?
Who is your favorite robot from the Star Wars series?
I really like Drew Barrymore. She is my favorite actress.
What do you think of Michael Jackson?
What are your thoughts for NFL football this season
Hi
I listened to the new Starley song and really liked it, did you hear it yet?
Wow, this has been a bad day
what did you think of perfect illusion?
What is the rumor about Paul  McCartney being dead?
Have you seen percy jackson?
Hey! Do you wanna build a snowman?
Lady Gaga has had some great songs.
Have you seen Moana yet?
So who don't you like?
Do you like the Beatles at all?
Are you familiar with the Red Hot Chili Peppers?
Who is the best Disney villain?
You know a genre I recently came across that I absolutely enjoy?
Who is your favorite player in the NFL?
Have you seen the movie, "Bridesmaids"?
I think I saw three versions of Return of the Jedi.
Have you seen the previews for The Mummy?
I just saw Dark Days.
Are you ready for some football?!! The NFL season is just 6 weeks away.
What do you think of Carrie Underwood?
do you like mumble rap?
Have you dug into the Expanded Universe at all?
I'm spending time with my daughter today and she is wanting to watch a good animated movie, any suggestions?
What are you doing this weekend?
What is your favorite movie that you've seen recently?
Did you watch every Tarantino film?
So it looks like Raymond James Stadium is not going to raise ticket sales.
Do you like Taylor Swift?
I saw Death Wish for my criminal justice class.
I was listening to Rain by the Beatles, earlier today.
Do you like pop music
Have you seen the latest version of Tron?
Who is one of the highest paid players in the NFL?
But to include that development story would['ve taken the movie over 3 hours. Who knows, maybe they did have the footages, but decided to cut it.
Have you every listened to Alkaline Trio?
One of my favorite movies when I was little was Mary Poppins.
Alright, so what do you think of Alestorm?
Do you remember when the Falcons too Ryan in 2008.
Do you like Ariana Grande?
Hey, did you catch the game between the Buccaneers and the Falcons?
Lets talk about movies
I think I want chicken and gravy for dinner, what about you?
What kind of music do you like?
Do you know what lady gagas real name is?
I was wondering who had the biggest stadium in the NFL. Do you know?
What position in an NFL team do you think is the best?
Have you been listening to any new music lately?
You know, Johnny Depp has a lot of thriller movies.
Do you like Brittney or Christina better?
Did you like the part when the ewoks were introduced in the Star Wars movies?
Hey
What's the last movie you saw in theatres?
Have your read any bios on musicians?
The Usual Suspects is one of my favorite movies have you seen it?
Do you like World War two films?
Have you ever heard of Lindsey Stirling?
Have you seen the movie The Witch that came out last year?
Did you know that Lin Manuel Miranda wrote a lot of the music for Moana?
What do you think about Kanye's The Life of Pablo album?
I just watched brave last week.
Why does everyone rave about the Greatful Dead so much!
Hey man, how do you weigh in on the Han shot first deal?
Do you remember "Wreck it Ralph"?
When you go the gym for a good workout, what kind of music do you tend to listen to?
Hey Dad, remember when you used to tell me to "turn that garbage off" when I was listening to the Beatles?
My son and I were talking about his favorite childhood movies.
What is your favorite type of music?
You nkow what's really stupid?
What is your most favorite Disney movie that you have seen recently?
So what is your all time favorite movie?
What decade is your favorite for music?
I love the song Army of Me by Bjork.
Have you seen the recent Guardians of the Galaxy movie?
Lets about about music
You know what was a really good movie?
Did you ever get to see the Star Wars movie Rogue One?
Hey! What is your favorite NFL team?
Do you know the original title of abbey road before they changed it?
So Lady Gaga is a great pianist.
Did you like the Tarzan cartoon?
I have that Christina Aguilera song stuck in my head. From that Disney film.
What are you listening to?
I can't wait to hear the next Bastille album.
Did you ever watched Prisoners?
Have you been to any good concerts lately?
It was old school music day at work today.
Did you see Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them?
So who did you think was the best dressed at the 2017 Grammy's red carpet ?
Did you notice that Green Day wasn't at the Grammy's
Alright, here's a question. If you were on a desert island and could only bring one CD, what would you bring?
Do you like Weezer?
I love your Moana t-shirt! Did you love that movie?
Marley and Me had me crying.
Hey do you remember Paula Abdul's music?
What did you think of the red carpet fashion at the Met Gala this year?
Beck has been making mellow rock for us since the 90's
Hey you look like Elsa from Frozen in that blue dress!
Did you see there making a sequel to Blade Runner?
Can the Patriots success ever be repeated?
Hi.
What you do last night?
Do you have a favorite Disney movie song?
What do you think of the Chargers?
do you think guys like jay z and snoop dog's time is up
Do you remember that Disney movie we went to see a couple years ago, Inside Out, about the little girl with the five emotions?
Who is Gronkowski playing for?
Who do you think is the rising star in the AFC East division?
Maybe it's just me, but I like Episodes Four, Five and Six the best.
I've never really been that into the Beatles man. I do like some of their songs but I never really got the Beatles craze.
Have you seen Cars 3 yet?
Baseketball was an underrated movie.
Who do you think will win the superbowl this year?
I really liked the movie Moana.
What's the craziest concert you ever went to?
Have you ever been to an NFL game?
Which Star Wars movie has your favorite opening crawl text?
I want to do a beatles party
Have you seen the original Jurassic Park?
Here we go Steelers!  Here we go.
Do you like Baby Boy?
Do you have a favourite Disney movie?
My favorite movie is Gran Torino.
Do you enjoy instrumental music?
How's your dress making business going?
Who is your favorite Disney Princess?
do you like classic rock?
What did you think about the new Beauty and the Beast?
Hey, what're you listening to?
Have you seen the live action Beauty and the Beast movie?
Hey, have you seen the Shrek movies?
who do think is the most beautiful hollywood actress?
I am ready to watch some football!
When these kind of movies are too scary, I have to hide my eyes behind my hands..
I want to talk about Beatles movies today.
What is your favorite star wars character?
Some professional football players have had some really strange names.
Did you see Lady Gaga at the Superbowl last year?
Hey, did you watch Disney movies as a kid?
Hey! Do you know when the next NFL game will be?
What is your favourite Disney movie?
What is your favorite comedy?
Did you ever think that Disney might want to make sort of a cinematic universe for their films?
Do you have songs on your phone?
What do you think was the best era for rock music?
Did you ever see Descendants?
Was Cinderella any good.
Here we are at the lake again, with our leggings on.
I need to find some good music to listen to!
Did you ever watch Burn After Reading?
PUP has been one of the most surprising new bands for me.
What do you think about the Cinderella Disney movies?
Did you see Jennifer Lopez's dress at the Met Gala?
Have you ever heard of Dead Prez?
So what time are me going to the movies?
Did you ever watch Lady and the Tramp?
So I noticed you seem to like songs that tell a story.
Who is the greatest rock band of all time?
I love rock music.
What is your favorite Beatles song?
Hello.
Do you like Star Wars?
Hey, what do you think about football?
disney movies aren't just for kids, right?
I have been listening to some older music lately.
It's almost football season!
My kids are making me watch Moana over and over!!
What is a good Russel Crowe movie?
Have you seen the latest Aliens movie, yet?
Who do you think the best teams will be this year?
Hi.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Do you remember lady gaga's first album?
Did you like the song Blackbird by the Beatles?
Ok, so I can probably guess, but what is your least favorite Star Wars movie?
The Falcons are definitely making it back to the Super Bowl this year.
Have you seen any new movies lately?
Do you like Electronic music?
So, you know, it might sound crazy but I really enjoyed Batman v Superman.
Have you heard of the band AJJ?
I'm thinking about buying my sister a movie for her birthday.
Did you see the 2017 Oscars best dresses?
What are your feelings on Pink Floyd?
What are your favorite music genres?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
So what's your favorite rock band?
Do you have any music with a special meaning for you?
i think Disney movies have gone down the hill
I think ACDC is awesome
What is your favorite Disney animation?
Do you listen to Stevie Wonder?
Have you seen the new Prates of the Caribean movie?
I just saw Blue Velvet.
Is there a venue you wouldnt see a performer play?
What is your favorite scary movie?
What's your favorite thriller movie?
What do you think of Kino?
Do you like Cruel Intentions?
Were you alive in 1968?
You know, I don't go to the movies nearly as much as I used to.
Do you listen to U2?
So have you told your girls about the new Frozen movie?
Do you like the Band Huey Lewis and the News?
Did you know the beatles went through a very spiritual phase?
Who's your favorite Disney prince?
Okay, so, Star Wars or Star Trek?
Planning to watch the NFL this fall?
Do you remember that country music duo, Joey + Rory, and the wife Joey died of cancer?
i love The Goofy Movie.
Hey
What's your favorite football team?
Okay, what was one of the biggest shocks in Stars Wars?
You like any Disney movie?
I introduced my little sister to some Lady Gaga music last night.
Hi.
Hey there
Have you ever heard Liberace play the piano?
I hear that Ezekiel Elliot is ready to up his game this season.
Samuel L Jackson is one of my favorite movie actors of all time.
Have you seen this movie Wait Until Dark?
I want to see the new Blade Runner in IMAX.
So I just watched a movie, and I didn't like it.
Are you a fan of Star Wars?
What are your thoughts on Mac Miller?
Who's your favorite band?
Has anyone seen Monster Trucks yet?
I think that Joe Dante might be one of the most underrated directors out there.
Do like star wars movies?
I'm trying to put together a Halloween playlist and I was wondering if you had any ideas.
I just watched the movie 'Seven' the other day.
Hey, do you like indie rock?
Do you remember the Buffalo Bills of the 90s?
What is your favorite sport again?
Do you ever listen to Lady Gaga?
What kind of music do you listen to?
I've been dealing with a lot of stress at work, the deadlines just keep piling up.
I've been really into horror movies lately.
Are you excited for the football season to start?
Like we saw in Genesis and Chronicles, there is a lot of examples of music in Biblical times.
Hey there.
I'm on my way home now, do you need anything from the store?
Have you been listening to any good pop music recently?
How bout those Giants?
Who was the greatest NFL team of all time?
Oh man, I miss the DC Talk of the old days.
so what do you think of gone with the wind.
Did you watch the Star Wars Rogue One movie?
Whats the worst movie you have ever seen?
OK, I've got a movie scenario for you: You have an unlimited budget, and you get to cast three lead actors/actresses. Who do you pick?
Have you ever seen Rush?
What is your favorite thriller movie?
Are you ready for the upcoming NFL season?
Are you familiar with the various periods of classical music?
Do you think Colin Kaepernick has a spot on an NFL roster?
Have you seen the newest Jason Bourne movie?
What is your favorite Star wars movie?
What did you think about Han Solo's and Princess Leia's son?
There is nothing on television tonight. What is a good movie we can watch?
I feel so bad for Seahawk fans, man.
I was watching a children's show a couple days ago with my cousins. There was a parody of the Sgt. Pepper's Band.
Wow, you were in high school during the punk years!
I went to see Moana yesterday.
do you listen to parliament funkadelic?
Are you excited about the upcoming NFL season?
Do you think they will make another Toy Story movie?
Did you watch the music awards last night?
Have you seen the last Mummy movie yet?
George Harrison seemed to be the quiet Beatle.
Did you like the comedy in Disney's Aladdin film?
You will never guess who I am listening to these days?
What type of movies are good to you?
What is the most romantic movie you have ever seen?
Have you ever seen the movie on Netflix called Clown?
If you had to listen to music for hours straight what kind would you listen to?
I really love Jason Isbell.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
What is your favorite horror movie?
I wonder what the very first comedy movie was
How into Star Wars would you say you are?
Hey, what's your favorite Beatles song?
Hey man, you thinking of attending any NFL games this season?
Is Peyton Manning the greatest QB ever?
Have you heard that Reggaton song with Justin Bieber?
Hey, Jaws came out 42 years ago this summer
Hey are you here I am at Wrigley field?
Would you be interested in a spinoff series about Yodas life?
What music group in Drake in?
What's up?
Which of the Beatles is your favorite?
Did you see the new Wonder Woman movie?
What is your favorite rock band?
Anything good on tonight?
Do you think rap is better today or back in the 90's
Hey, do you like drum and bass?
Hey man, are you into those wizard movies?
Did you go to movies last night?
do you have a favorite kanye album?
Hey.
Who will have the best defense in the NFL next season?
Do you think Dwayne Allen will have a shot in New England?
Have you heard the new Kendrick Lamar album?
Why so glum?
Tribe play tonight?
Is scary movie an actual horror movie
What do you think will happen in episode 8 and 9?
Are you a fan of Train?
How do you feel about the 49er's season this year?
Who is that actor i see that looks like donald trump you know that old guy who was on that investment tv show
Have you seen a good creative horror movie lately?
I love star wars
Hey.
How did you enjoy Rogue One?
Do you know which 2 players have caught, rushed, and thrown a touchdown against the same team in the same game?
What's your feeling on country music?
I think the movies this year so far are only mediocre. The movies last year were so much better.
Do you like to listen to music?
Hey, are you familiar with Okja?
I heard an interesting thing about the Star Wars movies?
Are you a fan of Drake?
Have you heard of kaleo?
Do you like football?
Hey
Did you know that James and The Giant Peach is a Disney movie?
What do you like to do on your days off from work?
Did you get a chance to see Wonder Woman yet?
What do you think of classical music?
Hey! How are you doing today?
Did you see the new version of Pete's Dragon by Disney?
I'm going to give an unpopular opinion: I loved Spider-Man 3.
what do you think of damn by kendrick
Did you like that playoff matchup between the Celtics and Wizards last night?
Hey.
What do you surmise is the best Beatles album?
Who's the tallest player in the NBA anyway?
What is your favorite type thriller type of movie?
Katy Perry has new music out . What do you think ?
Do you follow the NFL at all?
What do you think of Brittany Spears.
Hey I just saw Deadpool at AMC ...It was really amazing dude
What type of music do you like best
I saw A Perfect Murder.
Hey, are you a fan of NFL football?
Did you see the Star Wars Rogue One film?
So, have you seen any of the Batman movies?
Did you know about the national treasure movie series?
What is your favorite kind of Music?
Lebron...JAMES
Do you have a favorite superhero movie?
Half Baked is an American Classic.
the beatles are my favorite group
Did you like Finding Nemo?
Did you like the Raven ?
What do you think was the best of the Christopher Nolan Batman movies?
What kind of music did your parents listen too.
What is your favorite Disney movie?
Are you exited about the new Justice League movie?
Did you get a chance to see Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them?
Yesterday I had the opportunity to see Finding Dory.
What's the name of the movie with the house and the balloons?
hey who are some of your favorite female singers?
I'm so sad that Robin Williams died.
Did you see Lala land?
Hey, did you hear any more about Mariota?
Can you tell me about the The Summer of Love music experience?
Do you think Kylo Ren can be forgiven for killing Han Solo?
Did you see Sausage Party?
Have you ever seen The Silence of the Lambs movie?
Hello there which standard artist was better in the mid 60s?
Really? Then it must be a great movie.
Lets talk about movies
Hey did you catch The Force Awakens?
Did you ever listen to Britney Spears?
Hey, I'm thinking about watching a movie today. Any suggestions?
Did you see the game  between the Cavs and Celtics.
I like that new Hawaiian movie
What did you think of The Force Awakens?
How did you feel when Peter missed Mary Jane's play?
Do you know a lot about Sia?
Do you think the Celtics use that draft pick this year?
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast movie?
Led Zeppelin was a really good band.
What do you think about movies that you can only watch once?
I don't care I'm an adult, I love Disney movies
Hey, have you seen any good movies lately?
Do you like the Fast & Furious movies
I saw a great movie yesterday!
I am so excited for football this year.
Have you heard of that kid who sang Three Little Birds?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
I could go for a good spaghetti western right about now.
What was that movie that had monsters scaring kids for energy?
What is your favorite action movie?
What music do you like and what do music do you hate?
Have you ever listened to religious themed music?
Is it just me or are all the classic QB's in the NFL getting old?
I love Chance the rapper
what do you think about Snape?
Are you a Columbus Blue Jackets fan?
Have you seen the new Pirates movie yet?
How many football teams are in the NFL?
What is your favorite type of music?
Your favorite romance movie?
Did you ever wonder where the Rancor came from?
Who is your favorite actor or actress?
Can Disney make one movie that isn't awesome?
Have you seen the movie trailer Wonder woman?
Have you seen The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift?
Hey
Have you seen The Force Awakens?
My favorite movie is "Law Abiding Citizen" starring Jamie Foxx.
Are you into thriller movies at all?
How many teams are in the NFL?
Miley Cyrus is back on the billboards chart!
Have you seen Wonder Woman yet?
Have you seen SUPER BASS?
Do you like the Beatles?
What's your favorite part of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone?
I am having such a depressing day!
Do you like Selena Gomez?
have you seen doctor strange yet?
Do you know the movie Bad Grandpa?
Did you know that comedian Eddie Murphy recorded a hit song?
Have you listened to Dr. Dre?
Are you a Beatles fan?
Why did the Spurs take out their starters so quickly last night?
Who's your favorite rapper?
NFL football is pretty unique compared to the sports in the rest of the world, isn't it?
I saw all the Harry Potter movies, but I haven't read the book.
You listen to the Beatles, right?
Did you hear the new song from Ed Sheeran, "Galway Girl"?
Have you ever seen The Blair Witch Project?
Have you seen a movie called Chronicle? It's a superhero movie but it's not typical.
What songs did you like growing up?
What kind of music are you in to?
Hey, did you watch the NFL draft this year?
Afternoon.
Have you seen entire fast and furious series?
Have you seen the new x-men movie?
I just saw the new Transformers movie.....
Are you a Blake Shelton fan?
I finally got around to seeing Inception yesterday.
Hey, what do you think about football?
You're a rap fan right?
Hey Phil you been keeping up with NFL lately?
Hi, how are you today?
Would you listen to Nirvana still?
Did you like the Gungans?
Did you ever watch Almost Famous?
Hey. What are you up to tonight?
Can I borrow your copy of Malice n Wonderland? I've been on a real Snoop Dogg kick lately.
Have you ever heard of Motionless in White?
So how are the Steelers going to do this year?
Was Yoda your favorite character in The Empire Strikes Back?
I just got to the end of The Goblet of Fire.
What current pop song do you think will still be playing 30 years from now?
How in the world did the Penguins lose to the Senators?
...Marvin should have had an opinion.
Have you heard of Flotsam and Jetsam?
Who is your favorite band?
Do you like any of this down-south rap music?
Have you seen the movie 48 Hours?
Did you see Rogue One?
Ello
I just found out that Josh Turner's song hit #1 again on the billboard charts.
I'm really happy to see more foreign hip hop available streaming nowdays.
Who you think will be this years MVP?
What is your favorite part of the Star Wars soundtrack?
you a fan of guy ritchie movies?
Paul McCartney turned 75 a few days ago. Can you believe that?
Fick and Swish!
I sure like the potential for Carr with the Raiders!
Who is the best team in the NFC?
Did you think that Mary Jane and Peter would have gotten married?
Whose your favorite pop artist?
Hey, what's your favorite song of all time?
Is there anything about the Star Wars films that stands out to you the most?
You know what was an awesome song?  Take me to Church.
Hi there.
Guess this one "We're on a mission from Gad."
do you like bruno mars new album
Hey, how do you feel about punk rock music?
Do people even listen to the radio anymore?
What song made you fall in love with hiphop music?
Hey! What do you think is the scariest movie you have ever seen is?
Hey
Have you heard of System of a Down?
I saw Citizen Kane for film class.
Who do you think is a better football team: the Baltimore Ravens or the Pittsburgh Steelers?
Do you like dance music?
Whatever happened to DJs in hip-hop? The ones who scratched records and all that.
What's your opinion on scary movies?
Who is your favirote actor?
Do you like Michael Jackson?
Who do you think is the best defensive player in the NFL? I think it is Luke Kuechly
I want a movie that will change my life.
What is on your playlist right now?
Do you like the Beatles?
Are you looking forward to the next Star Wars movie?
What do you think of Adam Sandler films?
Do you think Lebron is going to win the NBA Championship this year?
Do you like pop music?
Such a shame Maul was wasted
Who is your favorite Beatle?
So what do you plan on doing for winter break this year?
Why do you think pop music is so popular in any decade?
Hi Jerome, who is your favorite NFL player of all time?
whos your favorite rock band?
Did you see the movie Hardcore Henry?
Are you going to the Bayside concert on Tuesday?
What was the last movie you saw?
Are you old enough to remember Led Zepplin.
Have you seen that old Disney movie Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs?
Do you like Lil Dicky?
What did you think of Fantasia?
I think I'd be a great NFL announcer.
I finally got to see Batman versus Superman.
That movie is so annoying
Hi.
Are you ready for some football?
What do you think of the Jurassic Park sequels?
I love pop music. One of my favorite singers is Katy Perry.
What is your favorite harry Potter movie?
The Parent Trap was such a cool movie
Have you seen any good funny movies lately?
Which new caountry singer do you listen to a lot?
Who do you think is the worst Avenger?
Do you think there should be a new lion king for future generations.
What did you think of the latest star wars movie?
Hey. I'm looking for a movie about food?
Did you see another Top Gun may be made?
Let's do a random music discussion.
What's your favorite thriller movie?
Do you get out to the movies much anymore?
So what kind of shows have you been watching lately.
Who would you say is the best Western actor?
Rosemary's Baby is one of my favorite thrillers.
How often do you listen to music?
Have you seen all the Harry Potter movies?
The biggest joke of a franchise has got to be the Knicks.
What's your favorite kind of comedy movie?
Have you ever heard of the Arcadian Wild?
What was your favorite moment from Fantasia?
I love the newer stuff they made
Did you see Antonio Brown last year?
Do you like James Bond movies?
You like the NFL right?
I just got a Spotify account. Can you recommend some new artists for me?
Hey Babe my buddy invited me to go see this movie with him called Beauty and the beast.
Are you a football fan?
are you ready for some football?
Are you looking forward to the last jedi?
I just saw Dawn of the Planet of the Apes.
I just heard the best redo of Lady Gaga's Romance!
Have you seen the movie Wall-E?
have you ever listened to kool keith?
Lets talk about movies
Hi, do you like movies?
The Raiders seem like the team to beat.
Did you ever see Moneyball?
Have you heard of Lecrae?
What is your favorite genre of film?
I'm so tired, I went to see Otep last night and it wasn't over until almost midnight.
Is movies good to talk about?
Did you ever watch Saving Private Ryan?
How about that young talent on the sixers?
did you ever watch romantic disney movies?
Ed Sheeran is such a great singer.
I am having withdrawals since the NCAA tournament wrapped up.
What is your favorite movie?
You listen to Train?
Will XMen ever stop making films?
Did you ever see Birdman?
Do you like ensemble cast films?
We've been having these weekly movie discussion lunches for many years.
any reviews on new wonder woman movie?
The Departed was on TV last night.
hey I'm in the mood to watch a horror film
I feel like saying that rap is dead is just absurd.
Do you like the specail effects in the Star Wars movies?
What do you think was the best film of last year?
So man, you hear they are talking of doing guaranteed contracts in the NFL?
Hey, do you have a favorite Star Wars movie?
Is it true what they say about the real Snow White? You know the real one which the Disney movie was based on?
Do you like older or newer Disney movies?
I know you love Harry Potter. Is there anything in the movies better than the books?
I want to talk about pop music.
How many movies do you think Lady Gaga has been in?
You saw the live action Beauty and the Beast, right?
So here is a question for you
I went to a Kehlani concert last week, it was great.
What is your favorite team in the AFC North
Ever heard of J. Cole?
What's your favorite Star Wars character?
What new or upcoming movies are you excited to see?
Hey! What is your favorite movie?
I bought tickets for Lollapalooza this summer, but now my boyfriend can't go. Do you want to go with me?
Monster INC was a cool movie.
Lets talk about football
Who is your favorite female singer?
Are you a big football fan?
Do you like Dave Matthews?
Do you like Metallica?
So I saw the new Fast and Furious.
Hey did you see the new Jurassic Park movie?
Are there any good movies out in theaters right now??
You know what the worst movie plot twist is?
After how many years has Katy Perry released a new album?
Have you ever listened to Opera music?
Who is going to win between the warriors and the spurs?
Are you going to the game Friday night?
I just saw Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire.
I love that song!
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
I can not wait until September!
Do you remember when you could turn on the radio and listen to the top 40?
Did you see the crazy dunk LeBron had?
They're having a Monte Python marathon on TV.
The Beatles are overrated.
If you could see a side movie about any Harry Potter character who would it be?
Do you like to listen to music?
Everyone loves Lady Gaga! What's your favorite song by her?
Who was your favorite batman?
What is your favorite football team?
What do you prefer, opera music or symphony music?
I have a new favorite movie
Are you a Tina Fey fan?
Which Fast and Furious movie was it that they found out Lettie is alive?
So you told me you don't  like traditional Hollywood musicals, but you like Phantom of the Opera and Mama Mia.
Have you seen the preview for the new Baywatch movie?
What was the last Disney movie you saw?
So what's the best movie you've seen recently?
When does The Last Jedi come out anyway?
Do you watch movies
Have you seen the new Beauty and the Beast live-action movie?
aside from Tom Brady, who do you think the best quarterbacks were in the 2016 season
Who are you listening to right now?
I wonder what is the difference between the concert types
What is something that bothers you about the characters in Harry Potter?
What do you think about the movie 'Pocahontas' from the 1990's?
Did you hear about the new remake of A Star is Born with Lady Gaga?
Have you seen Moana?
Yo, remember when Johnny Gill joined New Edition?
Are you looking forward to the upcoming season?
Do you think Bruce Springsteen is overrated?
Are you excited for the new release of Thor: Ragnarok?
Do you like ludacris?
Have you seen Frozen?
When did you first listen to rock
Grease was my daughters favorite movie in high school.
You know,life with no music would be pretty bland.
Lets talk about star wars
Did you know that Mike Ditka used to play and coach the Chicago Bears?
Do you think Michael Jackson is the king of pop?
Have you seen the newest Star Wars movie?
What is your favorite Major League Baseball team right now?
What's up?
Do you like the Star Wars prequels?
What is the latest comedy movie you saw?
Are you going to the basketball game at school tonight?
Do you like the Rolling Stones?
Will you watch the NFL this year on TV?
I just seen the movie  Wonder Woman!
Which movie series have been the most successful?
What do you think are some of the worst movie remakes?
Have you seen Moana?
You a melodic death metal fan?
What groups did you listen to growing up?
Would you ever listen to the new Jessie James?
Did you hear the Saints signed Adrian Peterson this morning?
We watched a great scary movie last night.
Do you like Katy perry?
You've seriously never seen The Music Man?
do you like the rolling stones
I had no idea that Split was connected to Unbreakable.
I want to see guardians of the galaxy 2
Do you have satillite radio?
Is it true that you're a Wu-Tang fan?
So I just got this new Alice in Chains album and I'm actually quite impressed.
have you ever done a star wars marathon?
You think Michael Jordan is a better basketball player than Lebron James?
The world needs more of his movies
Did you see lady gaga's performance of million reasons on the american music awards?
Have you heard the Blake Shelton song Neon Light?
My favorite team is the Carolina Panthers
Did you ever see Captain America?
Are you planning on going to any Buffalo Bills games this year?
What did you think of the romance side of the Harry Potter movies?
Have you seen Force Awakens yet?
Music in movie trailers these days is awful.
Is Cliff Lee a hall of famer?
How do you think the AZ Cardinals will do this season
I think Frozen might have the most iconic songs Disney's ever created.
What are your thoughts on alternative folk?
So, how do you like rap music?
In Rouge One, they finally explained how they got the information on the Death Star.  What are your thoughts?
would you say rock music is dead nowadays?
Let's talk about heavy metal.
Have you seen black hawk down?
I kind of like classical music, but am unsure about what 'classical" music actually is.
Have you seen the new Star Wars movies?
Do you like Steven Spielberg movies?
You going to the theater today?
Want to go see wonder woman with me tonight?
Do you really think Major League 3 is going to happen?
What positions are in NFL football?
Have you ever seen The Ring?
Finally saw Tangled last night.
Do you enjoy classic rock?
Ok, do you think that Jar Jar is a Sith?
What do you think the saddest part of the series is?
pop music was better in the 90's
You think Kaepernick will find a team?
Do you listen to Casting Crowns?
Are you a fan of classic rock?
you want to hear something i noticed
Did you see Levi's re-cut the 501 again?
Hey, I am wanting to make a CD to listen to on vacation. Do you want to help?
Are you an Alfred Hitchcock fan?
What afc team do you think will make the SUPERBOWL this year?
Am I the only one that hated Aladdin?
Hey, do you want to join my NFL Fantasy Football League?
Are you familiar with the concept of a desert island disc?
Did you see the movie called "The Box"?
Who is your all-time favorite football player?
Hey mom, what is a good movie?
The packers have to be looking for a new QB soon
Justin Bieber is my favorite pop artist.
Did you see Swiss Family Robinson?
Hey did you hear the Raiders are moving to Vegas?
So how do you feel about Green Day?
Did you get a chance to see Moana?
What would be your prediction for the Bears this year?
Have you seen the Disney's movie The Chronicles of Narnia?
What actor do you think has the best singing voice?
The final Death Star scene in Return of the Jedi was intense
I am missing out
Are thier any good thiller moviers out now
What's your favorite movie of all time?
I really enjoy Tarantino  movies, and I love Samuel L. Jackson movies, but I couldn't get into this one because of him.
Do you remember the movie Hollywood Shuffle?
Have you seen the movie Moana?
Do you like the Beatles?
Do you like the Beatles?
Have you seen the third Toy Story.
Have you ever seen the Back to the Future series?
Are you interested in the new Spiderman movie?
Which Harry Potter movie do you like best?
Did you hear Chris Cornell died?
Were you ever a fan of Michael Jackson at all?
You ever have any movies that you liked so much seeing them once wasn't good enough you want to just see them again?
Have you ever seen The Grey.
What do you think about Rhianna's musi?
So what was your favorite Disney movie?
have you seen moana
How do you feel about the current state of rap music?
Do you ever listen to Lynard Skynryd?
who is stronger than yoda?
What do you think of Disney music?
Oh my gosh, I can't believe that they are making a Cars 3.
What is the best part of rock music to you?
Who was your favorite character in The Force Awakens?
What did you think of Rey in the Force Awakens?
Do you like thriller movies that are based on novels.
Are there any bands you listen to that have heavily gendered fan bases?
What is that you're wearing?
So my favorite movie is the Matrix what about you
Do you like 3TEETH?
What types of music do you like?
I think it's about time the Academy recognizes Andy Serkis.
Do you listen to AFI?
All right fans we're back live with Dave Johnson the voice of the Texans.  How's training camp going Dave?
What Beatles album do you like best?
Are you a fan of Dierks Bentley?
Have you seen the animated film Robin Hood?
Did you ever listen to Born This Way album by lady Gaga?
Are you a fan of the Die Hard movies?
Do you like The Beatles?
Did you see the new uniforms
What's your favorite classic Disney movie?
Do you know about Lynyrd Skynyrd?
How often do you go to the movies?
Hey.
Whats your favorite Tarantino movie?
so what do you think about kanye west?
Do you think this upcoming NFL season will be good?
Do you like British Bands?
What was that movie with Jack Nicholson at the hotel?
this season should be awesome!
Have you seen alladin
Who is your favorite living actor?
So then the wonderlic test is kinda useless
See anything good lately.
Have you seen any good thriller movies lately?
Are you excited about the new Star Wars movie?
I'm trying to decide which movie to get from Netflix. Any recommendations?
Are you familiar with how the NFL draft works?
Do you like Billy Joel?
What is your favorite genre of music?
Have you seen the new Disney Cars 3 movie that just came out it is really amazingly done?
Do you like to sing?
Are you a fan of lady gaga
I don't know what I want to do tonight. You have any suggestions?
Do you agree that  Michael Jackson was the king of pop?
What do you think about the strict tackling rules for the NFL?
Do you like the Killers
Do you remember the song from Ghostbusters?
Just watched House of A 1,000 Corpses last night.
HEY FRED. I JUST GOT BACK FROM A SPECIAL SCREENING OF THE NEW DISNEY MOVIE POCAHANTAS.
What did you think of Gaga's superbowl show?
Do you know the pop band OK GO?
Last night i could not sleep at all.
So, who do you think will meet in the Super Bowl this year?
I am so bored right now!
Does Madonna still record music?
Where do the Eagles play?
Do you like aladdin
How many NFL team are there in the league?
Lets talk about music
So have you seen any new movies lately?
What's one of your most favorite movies?
What did you think about the Anikan sand quote?
Last night I went to my first concert.
I can't stand this new rap music, I think it's all garbage. What happened to the great 90s artists, like 2pac and Biggie?
Mel Gibson seems to be making a comeback lately.
Have you ever seen Forrest Gump?
Do you like the first Fast & Furious movie?
What's your favorite Sammy Hagar song?
What do you think of Christian music?
Did you see that story about The Raiders?
HAVE YOU EVERY HEARD OF DONNIE McCLURKIN?
Hey, what Beatles's songs and from what albums do you love?
For action movies i really enjoy the matrix
Did you see the Star Wars movie, The Empire Strikes Back?
Did you see they released the 2017 NFL Schedule?
I was upset when I heard that The Civil wars had broken up.
Did you see the new beauty in the beast?
Have you listened to the new Kendrick Lamar album?
i am loving Dying Fetus new album it slams so hard
How many of The Fast and the Furious movies have you seen?
How do you feel about Fleetwood Mac?
Have you ever cried while watching a movie?
What kind of music do you listen to?
Yo you heard of Family Force 5?
Let's talk about music.
You ready for the upcoming NFL season?
Have you seen Taken?
Who do you feel is the greatest baseball player of all time?  I have quite a few ideas myself.
Did you ever see the Halloween movies?
Hey, have you seen all the Star Wars movies?
Who do you think is going to win this year?
Do you like Aerosmith?
Do you like baseball?
What is your favorite Friday the 13th movie?
Have you seen Rogue One yet?
What are you listening to?
I like the Minnesota Vikings.
Are you ready for the Lions' season?
I went to go see the Guardians of the Galaxy 2 movie last week, it was so good.
Do y'all have any hot old school music radio stations in Philly?
Did you ever hear of an old guy called Bob Seger?
Who is your favorite actor?
Do you like tracy lawrence
Those dresses at the awards show were lovely.
I just spent all morning trying to win Tom Petty Tickets.
Have you ever seen The Panic Room?
This is interesting
I am really starting to like the children animation movies that I watch with my daughter.
What do you think of  Red Hot Chili Peppers.
Did you see the Met gala last week?
Did you hear the Insyderz got back together?
What do you think is hitchcocks scariest film?
Hey there.
Which is better: Episode I or II?
How old was Gale Sayers when he was inducted into the hall of fame?
NFL football is my favorite sport
Thinking about it, I'm a really big fan of how vulnerable The Beatles were.
Did you ever see any of the Poltergeist movies?
Hi
Who is your favorite Star Wars: Return of the Jedi character?
Do you like Sleeping Beauty?
You remember Master P?
We have been losing so many legendary musicians lately.
Have you seen any Wes Anderson movies?
Do you like Adele?
What kind of music did your parents listen to growing up?
My favorite movie of all time is "Blazing Saddles".
Do you remember seeing Finding Nemo?
